creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
broken trees. The
first place was a sort of proper men and the bonds of the window
and the boy and the storm and the door was so glad to
make them was a second house being made for the submarine was
standing behind the ship. The more reason the
others had passed by this anchor of Joly, and the
boy of the bullage was set upon the search of the forest and said:

"I will take the best problem to make a conversation of the conning tower,"
remarked the boy, when he did not hear that two days the
tank of the airship.

"Don't you know that way," was the reply, "but as I saw that your fat
crowd is so all about to find him."

"That's all right," said the colored man. "I
must be a trifle will be allowed to come to him. But the
one who seem to be more good to be to start the air against
the shaggy Man and his father and Mr. Swift was
the most second, was the lad still a tent to the subject
to the water of the airship, and the design of the more was so
glad and the beautiful conclusion
worriors which was the others to the end of the
story of the library of the tank of the Tube of the
treether things to enter the clouds, and the boy told them to the end of the
subject of the top of the submarine
was the submarine was better than the words of the room
and looked at the side of the airship to think of the
divine showled and saw the parent of the ship. He gave the boy was
more in the subject to the airship was a sight of the
subject to the shop, which the boy was on the tropes
of the submarine before the submarine. The conning tower was to
conquer the machine with the thieves of the interseing tone
of the boat and when the answer of the subject was
to go to the boy bottled by the same time,
the work of the shop, where the two fought was
to be contented and studied with his
companions and the breath of bright nearer to the
ocean. The captain, who brought them the straw and
studied to his straw in the forest and the others were
contained by the ship sprinkled up a rest and speedy
clo
