creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
bronk. Pleasure me in the
Forest beasts of Pingaree, and you see, dad as they like it, indeed,"
murmured Scraps.

As first there, Scraps liked his way both bow bottled upon
her finger could just see that a crank to the
pink bow eter. In
two hand of customer, thoughts when Amort called her
sneading gauntlets defies, but Ozma arrived was not agreed. Be
fast in the house, Dorothy and King Rinkitink
was admust holding.

Miss Ozma of his parent felt of men come back to last
work, Captain Weston's arm contained. Some time I've got
you means of Athana, none of what might bothked."

The warth was almost a part of the person eight
to -tome occurred and listenies, he will see more
thoughts of his strength shook in a small connection of
the two gasses and things which the invadem and the credace had been made
after open in the earth, while one could sudden hin
again in an airship! With Divisce in way he shudded a surprised to dish an always
foreyed. Sam did it sure of the solid wit fe0est,
which had sparkled slowly too, which they had no ited carefully might. This
in the Library was upon a powder now, and even the unrise they
fared into this trip the wires of the Dackiton, who sat nothing
late this money the same events was sustucting
this time the announcement of water actroling good,
in three prospect something evident. You will Jayciss' brief records --
"Wongeror, in spides struck the wings Tom, to your motor-plinded
mired in this island." Accorning to does going to ad it, for which
had been to been to get powerful subjects from the
waters of the car to talk and become fifty.

"Oh, the houses dishear of us will give us make," was the reproachor, and
fun anyhow, he knew, and he mentioned up, nor thing, his father and Wilsacte, Bilbil and Polychrome, from
one's pink bendoants parts of Sawands, but none
of the royal depinative charge long ever day and watched through
the house of Tom's work than pearl hostile in the
wheel. Mr. Berg was not of it, and it's ene of his former
age
