




TOM SWIFT AND HIS SUBMARINE BOAT
or
Under the Ocean for Sunken Treasure

by
VICTOR APPLETON



CONTENTS
    I  News of a Treasure Wreck
   II  Finishing the Submarine
  III  Mr. Berg Is Astonished
   IV  Tom Is Imprisoned
    V  Mr. Berg Is Suspicious
   VI  Turning the Tables
  VII  Mr. Damon Will Go
 VIII  Another Treasure Expedition
   IX  Captain Weston's Advent
    X  Trial of the Submarine
   XI  On the Ocean Bed
  XII  For a Breath of Air
 XIII  Off for the Treasure
  XIV  In the Diving Suits
   XV  At the Tropical Island
  XVI  "We'll Race You For It!"
 XVII  The Race
XVIII  The Electric Gun
  XIX  Captured
   XX  Doomed to Death
  XXI  The Escape
 XXII  At the Wreck
XXIII  Attacked by Sharks
 XXIV  Ramming the Wreck
  XXV  Home with the Gold






TOM SWIFT AND HIS SUBMARINE BOAT




Chapter One

News of a Treasure Wreck


There was a rushing, whizzing, throbbing noise in the air.
A great body, like that of some immense bird, sailed along,
casting a grotesque shadow on the ground below.  An elderly
man, who Was seated on the porch of a large house, started
to his feet in alarm.

"Gracious goodness! What was that, Mrs. Baggert?" he
called to a motherly-looking woman who stood in the doorway.
"What happened?"

"Nothing much, Mr. Swift," was the calm reply "I think
that was Tom and Mr. Sharp in their airship, that's all. I
didn't see it, but the noise sounded like that of the Red Cloud."

"Of course! To be sure!" exclaimed Mr. Barton Swift, the
well-known inventor, as he started down the path in order to
get a good view of the air, unobstructed by the trees. "Yes,
there they are," he added. "That's the airship, but I didn't
expect them back so soon. They must have made good time from
Shopton. I wonder if anything can be the matter that they
hurried so?"

He gazed aloft toward where a queerly-shaped machine was
circling about nearly five hundred feet in the air, for the
craft, after Swooping down close to the house, had ascended
and was now hovering just above the line of breakers that
marked the New Jersey seacoast, where Mr. Swift had taken up
a temporary residence.

"Don't begin worrying, Mr. Swift," advised Mrs. Baggert,
the housekeeper. "You've got too much to do, if you get that
new boat done, to worry."

"That's so. I must not worry. But I wish Tom and Mr. Sharp
would land, for I want to talk to them."

As if the occupants of the airship had heard the words of
the aged inventor, they headed their craft toward earth. The
combined aeroplane and dirigible balloon, a most wonderful
traveler of the air, swung around, and then, with the
deflection rudders slanted downward, came on with a rush.
When near the landing place, just at the side of the house,
the motor was stopped, and the gas, with a hissing noise,
rushed into the red aluminum container. This immediately
made the ship more buoyant and it landed almost as gently as
a feather.

No sooner had the wheels which formed the lower part of
the craft touched the ground than there leaped from the
cabin of the Red Cloud a young man.

"Well, dad!" he exclaimed. "Here we are again, safe and
sound. Made a record, too. Touched ninety miles an hour at
times--didn't we, Mr. Sharp?"

"That's what," agreed a tall, thin, dark-complexioned man,
who followed Tom Swift more leisurely in his exit from the
cabin. Mr. Sharp, a veteran aeronaut, stopped to fasten guy
ropes from the airship to strong stakes driven into the
ground.

"And we'd have done better, only we struck a hard wind
against us about two miles up in the air, which delayed us,"
went on Tom. "Did you hear us coming, dad?"

"Yes, and it startled him," put in Mrs. Baggert. "I guess
he wasn't expecting you."

"Oh, well, I shouldn't have been so alarmed, only I was
thinking deeply about a certain change I am going to make in
the submarine, Tom. I was day-dreaming, I think, when your
ship whizzed through the air. But tell me, did you find
everything all right at Shopton? No signs of any of those
scoundrels of the Happy Harry gang having been around?" and
Mr. Swift looked anxiously at his son.

"Not a sign, dad," replied Tom quickly. "Everything was
all right. We brought the things you wanted. They're in the
airship. Oh, but it was a fine trip. I'd like to take
another right out to sea."

"Not now, Tom," said his father. "I want you to help me.
And I need Mr. Sharp's help, too. Get the things out of the
car, and we'll go to the shop."

"First I think we'd better put the airship away," advised
Mr. Sharp. "I don't just like the looks of the weather, and,
besides, if we leave the ship exposed we'll be sure to have
a crowd around sooner or later, and we don't want that."

"No, indeed," remarked the aged inventor hastily. "I don't
want people prying around the submarine shed. By all means
put the airship away, and then come into the shop."

In spite of its great size the aeroplane was easily
wheeled along by Tom and Mr. Sharp, for the gas in the
container made it so buoyant that it barely touched the
earth. A little more of the powerful vapor and the Red
Cloud would have risen by itself. In a few minutes the
wonderful craft, of which my readers have been told in
detail in a previous volume, was safely housed in a large
tent, which was securely fastened.

Mr. Sharp and Tom, carrying some bundles which they had
taken from the car, or cabin, of the craft, went toward a
large shed, which adjoined the house that Mr. Swift had
hired for the season at the seashore. They found the lad's
father standing before a great shape, which loomed up dimly
in the semi-darkness of the building. It was like an immense
cylinder, pointed at either end, and here and there were
openings, covered with thick glass, like immense, bulging
eyes. From the number of tools and machinery all about the
place, and from the appearance of the great cylinder itself,
it was easy to see that it was only partly completed.

"Well, how goes it, dad?" asked the youth, as he deposited
his bundle on a bench. "Do you think you can make it work?"

"I think so, Tom. The positive and negative plates are
giving me considerable trouble, though. But I guess we can
solve the problem. Did you bring me the galvanometer?"

"Yes, and all the other things," and the young inventor
proceeded to take the articles from the bundles he carried.

Mr. Swift looked them over carefully, while Tom walked
about examining the submarine, for such was the queer craft
that was contained in the shed.  He noted that some progress
had been made on it since he had left the seacoast several
days before to make a trip to Shopton, in New York State,
where the Swift home was located, after some tools and
apparatus that his father wanted to obtain from his workshop
there.

"You and Mr. Jackson have put on several new plates,"
observed the lad after a pause.

"Yes," admitted his father. "Garret and I weren't idle,
were we, Garret?" and he nodded to the aged engineer, who
had been in his employ for many years.

"No; and I guess we'll soon have her in the water, Tom,
now that you and Mr. Sharp are here to help us," replied
Garret Jackson.

"We ought to have Mr. Damon here to bless the submarine
and his liver and collar buttons a few times," put in Mr.
Sharp, who brought in another bundle. He referred to an
eccentric individual Who had recently made an airship voyage
with himself and Tom, Mr. Damon's peculiarity being to use
continually such expressions as: "Bless my soul! Bless my
liver!"

"Well, I'll be glad when we can make a trial trip," went
on Tom. "I've traveled pretty fast on land with my motor-
cycle, and we certainly have hummed through the air. Now I
want to see how it feels to scoot along under water."

"Well, if everything goes well we'll be in position to
make a trial trip inside of a month," remarked the aged
inventor. "look here, Mr. Sharp, I made a change in the
steering gear, which I'd like you and Tom to consider."

The three walked around to the rear of the odd-looking
structure, if an object shaped like a cigar can be said to
have a front and rear, and the inventor, his son, and the
aeronaut were soon deep in a discussion of the
technicalities connected with under-water navigation.

A little later they went into the house, in response to a
summons from the supper bell, vigorously rung by Mrs.
Baggert. She was not fond of waiting with meals, and even
the most serious problem of mechanics was, in her
estimation, as nothing compared with having the soup get
cold, or the possibility of not having the meat done to a
turn.

The meal was interspersed with remarks about the recent
airship flight of Tom and Mr. Sharp, and discussions about
the new submarine. This talk went on even after the table
was cleared off and the three had adjourned to the sitting-
room. There Mr. Swift brought out pencil and paper, and soon
he and Mr. Sharp were engrossed in calculating the pressure
per square inch of sea water at a depth of three miles.

"Do you intend to go as deep as that?" asked Tom, looking
up from a paper he was reading.

"Possibly," replied his father; and his son resumed his
perusal of the sheet.

"Now," went on the inventor to the aeronaut, "I have
another plan. In addition to the positive and negative
plates which will form our motive power, I am going to
install forward and aft propellers, to use in case of
accident."

"I say, dad! Did you see this?" suddenly exclaimed Tom,
getting up from his chair, and holding his finger on a
certain place in the page of the paper.

"Did I see what?" asked Mr. Swift.

"Why, this account of the sinking of the treasure ship."

"Treasure ship? No. Where?"

"Listen," went on Tom. "I'll read it: 'Further advices
from Montevideo, Uruguay, South America, state that all hope
has been given up of recovering the steamship Boldero, which
foundered and went down off that coast in the recent gale.
Not only has all hope been abandoned of raising the vessel,
but it is feared that no part of the three hundred thousand
dollars in gold bullion which she carried will ever be
recovered. Expert divers who were taken to the scene of the
wreck state that the depth of water, and the many currents
existing there, due to a submerged shoal, preclude any
possibility of getting at the hull. The bullion, it is
believed, was to have been used to further the interests of
a certain revolutionary faction, but it seems likely that
they will have to look elsewhere for the sinews of war.
Besides the bullion the ship also carried several cases of
rifles, it is stated, and other valuable cargo. The crew and
what few passengers the Boldero carried were, contrary to
the first reports, all saved by taking to the boats. It
appears that some of the ship's plates were sprung by the
stress in which she labored in a storm, and she filled and
sank gradually.' There! what do you think of that, dad?"
cried Tom as he finished.

"What do I think of it? Why, I think it's too bad for the
revolutionists, Tom, of course."

"No; I mean about the treasure being still on board the
ship. What about that?"

"Well, it's likely to stay there, if the divers can't get
at it. Now, Mr. Sharp, about the propellers--"

"Wait, dad!" cried Tom earnestly.

"Why, Tom, what's the matter?" asked Mr. Swift in some
surprise.

"How soon before we can finish our submarine?" went on
Tom, not answering the question.

"About a month. Why?"

"Why? Dad, why can't we have a try for that treasure? It
ought to be comparatively easy to find that sunken ship off
the coast of Uruguay. In our submarine we can get close up
to it, and in the new diving suits you invented we can get
at that gold bullion. Three hundred thousand dollars! Think
of it, dad! Three hundred thousand dollars! We could easily
claim all of it, since the owners have abandoned it, but we
would be satisfied with half. Let's hurry up, finish the
submarine, and have a try for it."

"But, Tom, you forget that I am to enter my new ship in
the trials for the prize offered by the United States
Government."

"How much is the prize if you win it?" asked Tom.

"Fifty thousand dollars."

"Well, here's a chance to make three times that much at
least, and maybe more. Dad, let the Government prize go, and
try for the treasure. Will you?"

Tom looked eagerly at his father, his eyes shining with
anticipation. Mr. Swift was not a quick thinker, but the
idea his son had proposed made an impression on him. He
reached out his hand for the paper in which the young
inventor had seen the account of the sunken treasure.
Slowly he read it through. Then he passed it to Mr. Sharp.

"What do you think of it?" he asked of the aeronaut

"There's a possibility," remarked the balloonist "We might
try for it. We can easily go three miles down, and it
doesn't lie as deeply as that, if this account is true. Yes,
we might try for it. But we'd have to omit the Government
contests."

"Will you, dad?" asked Tom again.

Mr. Swift considered a moment longer.

"Yes, Tom, I will," he finally decided. "Going after the
treasure will be likely to afford us a better test of the
submarine than would any Government tests. We'll try to
locate the sunken Boldero."

"Hurrah!" cried the lad, taking the paper from Mr. Sharp
and waving it in the air. "That's the stuff!  Now for a
search for the submarine treasure!"




Chapter Two

Finishing the Submarine


"What's the matter?" cried Mrs. Baggert, the housekeeper,
hurrying in from the kitchen, where she was washing the
dishes. "Have you seen some of those scoundrels who robbed
you, Mr. Swift? If you have, the police down here ought to--"

"No, it's nothing like that," explained Mr. Swift. "Tom
has merely discovered in the paper an account of a sunken
treasure ship, and he wants us to go after it, down under
the ocean."

"Oh, dear! Some more of Captain Kidd's hidden hoard, I
suppose?" ventured the housekeeper. "Don't you bother with
it, Mr. Swift. I had a cousin once, and he got set in the
notion that he knew where that pirate's treasure was. He
spent all the money he had and all he could borrow digging
for it, and he never found a penny. Don't waste your time on
such foolishness. It's bad enough to be building airships
and submarines without going after treasure."  Mrs. Baggert
spoke with the freedom of an old friend rather than a hired
housekeeper, but she had been in the family ever since Tom's
mother died, when he was a baby, and she had many
privileges.

"Oh, this isn't any of Kidd's treasure," Tom assured her.
"If we get it, Mrs. Baggert, I'll buy you a diamond ring."

"Humph!" she exclaimed, as Tom began to hug her in boyish
fashion. "I guess I'll have to buy all the diamond rings I
want, if I have to depend on your treasure for them," and
she went back to the kitchen.

"Well," went on Mr. Swift after a pause, "if we are going
into the treasure-hunting business, Tom, we'll have to get
right to work. In the first place, we must find out more
about this ship, and just where it was sunk."

"I can do that part," said Mr. Sharp. "I know some sea
captains, and they can put me on the track of locating the
exact spot. In fact, it might not be a bad idea to take an
expert navigator with us. I can manage in the air all right,
but I confess that working out a location under water is
beyond me."

"Yes, an old sea captain wouldn't be a bad idea, by any
means," conceded Mr. Swift. "Well, if you'll attend to that
detail, Mr. Sharp, Tom, Mr. Jackson and I will finish the
submarine. Most of the work is done, however, and it only
remains to install the engine and motors. Now, in regard to
the negative and positive electric plates, I'd like your
opinion, Tom."

For Tom Swift was an inventor, second in ability only to
his father, and his advice was often sought by his parent on
matters of electrical construction, for the lad had made a
specialty of that branch of science.

While father and son were deep in a discussion of the
apparatus of the submarine, there will be an opportunity to
make the reader a little better acquainted with them. Those
of you who have read the previous volumes of this series do
not need to be told who Tom Swift is. Others, however, may
be glad to have a proper introduction to him.

Tom Swift lived with his father, Barton Swift, in the
village of Shopton, New York. The Swift home was on the
outskirts of the town, and the large house was surrounded by
a number of machine shops, in which father and son, aided by
Garret Jackson, the engineer, did their experimental and
constructive work. Their house was not far from Lake
Carlopa, a fairly large body of water, on which Tom often
speeded his motor

In the first volume of this series, entitled "Tom Swift
and His Motor-Cycle," it was told how be became acquainted
with Mr. Wakefield Damon, who suffered an accident while
riding one of the speedy machines. The accident disgusted
Mr. Damon with motor-cycles, and Tom secured it for a low
price. He had many adventures on it, chief among which was
being knocked senseless and robbed of a valuable patent
model belonging to his father, which he was taking to
Albany. The attack was committed by a gang known as the
Happy Harry gang, who were acting at the instigation of a
syndicate of rich men, who wanted to secure control of a
certain patent turbine engine which Mr. Swift had invented.

Tom set out in pursuit of the thieves, after recovering
from their attack, and had a strenuous time before he
located them.

In the second volume, entitled "Tom Swift and His Motor-
Boat," there was related our hero's adventures in a fine
craft which was recovered from the thieves and sold at
auction. There was a mystery connected with the boat, and
for a long time Tom could not solve it. He was aided,
however, by his chum, Ned Newton, who worked in the Shopton
Bank, and also by Mr. Damon and Eradicate Sampson, an aged
colored whitewasher, who formed quite an attachment for Tom.

In his motor-boat Tom had more than one race with Andy
Foger, a rich lad of Shopton, who was a sort of bully. He
had red hair and squinty eyes, and was as mean in character
as he was in looks. He and his cronies, Sam Snedecker and
Pete Bailey, made trouble for Tom, chiefly because Tom
managed to beat Andy twice in boat races.

It was while in his motor-boat, Arrow, that Tom formed the
acquaintance of John Sharp, a veteran balloonist. While
coming down Lake Carlopa on the way to the Swift home, which
had been entered by thieves, Tom, his father and Ned Newton,
saw a balloon on fire over the lake. Hanging from a trapeze
on it was Mr. Sharp, who had made an ascension from a fair
ground. By hard work on the part of Tom and his friends the
aeronaut was saved, and took up his residence with the
Swifts.

His advent was most auspicious, for Tom and his father
were then engaged in perfecting an airship, and Mr. Sharp
was able to lend them his skill, so that the craft was soon
constructed.

In the third volume, called "Tom Swift and His Airship,"
there was set down the doings of the young inventor, Mr.
Sharp and Mr. Damon on a trip above the clouds. They
undertook it merely for pleasure, but they encountered
considerable danger, before they completed it, for they
nearly fell into a blazing forest once, and were later fired
at by a crowd of excited people. This last act was to effect
their capture, for they were taken for a gang of bank
robbers, and this was due directly to Andy Foger.

The morning after Tom and his friends started on their
trip in the air, the Shopton Bank was found to have been
looted of seventy-five thousand dollars. Andy Foger at once
told the police that Tom Swift had taken the money, and when
asked how he knew this, he said he had seen Tom hanging
around the bank the night before the vault was burst open,
and that the young inventor had some burglar tools in his
possession. Warrants were at once sworn out for Tom and Mr.
Damon, who was also accused of being one of the robbers, and
a reward of five thousand dollars was offered.

Tom, Mr. Damon and Mr. Sharp sailed on, all unaware of
this, and unable to account for being fired upon, until they
accidentally read in the paper an account of their supposed
misdeeds. They lost no time in starting back home, and on,
the way got on the track of the real bank robbers, who were
members of the Happy Harry gang.

How the robbers were captured in an exciting raid, how Tom
recovered most of the stolen money, and how he gave Andy
Foger a deserved thrashing for giving a false clue was told
of, and there was an account of a race in which the Red
Cloud (as the airship was called) took part, as well as
details of how Tom and his friends secured the reward, which
Andy Foger hoped to collect.

Those of you who care to know how the Red Cloud was
constructed, and how she behaved in the air, even during
accidents and when struck by lightning, may learn by reading
the third volume, for the airship was one of the most
successful ever constructed.

When the craft was finished, and the navigators were ready
to start on their first long trip, Mr. Swift was asked to go
with them. He declined, but would not tell why, until Tom,
pressing him for an answer, learned that his father was
planning a submarine boat, which he hoped to enter in some
trials for Government prizes. Mr. Swift remained at home to
work on this submarine, while his son and Mr. Sharp were
sailing above the clouds.

On their return, however, and after the bank mystery had
been cleared up, Tom and Mr. Sharp, aided Mr. Swift in
completing the submarine, until, when the present story
opens, it needed but little additional work to make the
craft ready for the water.

Of course it had to be built near the sea, as it would
have been impossible to transport it overland from Shopton.
So, before the keel was laid, Mr. Swift rented a large
cottage at a seaside place on the New Jersey coast and
there, after, erecting a large shed, the work on the
Advance, as the under-water ship was called, was begun.

It was soon to be launched in a large creek that extended
in from the ocean and had plenty of water at high tide. Tom
and Mr. Sharp made several trips back and forth from Shopton
in their airship, to see that all was safe at home and
occasionally to get needed tools and supplies from the
shops, for not all the apparatus could be moved from Shopton
to the coast.

It was when returning from one of these trips that Tom
brought with him the paper containing an account of the
wreck of the Boldero and the sinking of the treasure she
carried.

Until late that night the three fortune-hunters discussed
various matters.

"We'll hurry work on the ship," said Mr. Swift it length.
"Tom, I wonder if your friend, Mr. Damon, would care to try
how it seems under Water? He stood the air trip fairly
well."

"I'll write and ask him," answered the lad. "I'm sure
he'll go."

Securing, a few days later, the assistance of two
mechanics, whom he knew he could trust, for as yet the
construction of the Advance was a secret, Mr. Swift prepared
to rush work on the submarine, and for the next three weeks
there were busy times in the shed next to the seaside
cottage. So busy, in fact, were Tom and Mr. Sharp, that
they only found opportunity for one trip in the airship, and
that was to get some supplies from the shops at home.

"Well," remarked Mr. Swift one night, at the close of a
hard day's work, "another week will see our craft completed.
Then we will put it in the water and see how it floats, and
whether it submerges as I hope it does. But come on, Tom. I
want to lock up. I'm very tired to-night."

"All right, dad," answered the young inventor coming from
the darkened rear of the shop. "I just want to--"

Ne paused suddenly, and appeared to be listening. Then he
moved softly back to where he had come from.

"What's the matter?" asked his father in a whisper.
"What's up, Tom?"

The lad did not answer Mr. Swift, with a worried look on
his face, followed his son. Mr. Sharp stood in the door of
the shop.

"I thought I heard some one moving around back here," went
on Tom quietly.

"Some one in this shop!" exclaimed the aged inventor
excitedly. "Some one trying to steal my ideas again! Mr.
Sharp, come here! Bring that rifle! We'll teach these
scoundrels a lesson!"

Tom quickly darted hack to the extreme rear of the
building. There was a scuffle, and the next minute Tom cried
out:

"What are you doing here?"

"Ha! I beg your pardon," replied a voice. "I am looking
for Mr. Barton Swift."

"My father," remarked Tom. "But that's a queer place to
look for him. He's up front. Father, here's a man who wishes
to see you," he called.

"Yes, I strolled in, and seeing no one about I went to the
rear of the place," the voice went on. "I hope I haven't
transgressed."

"We were busy on the other side of the shop, I guess,"
replied Tom, and he looked suspiciously at the man who
emerged from the darkness into the light from a window. "I
beg your pardon for grabbing you the way I did," went on the
lad, "but I thought you were one of a gang of men we've been
having trouble with."

"Oh, that's all right," continued the man easily. "I know
Mr. Swift, and I think he will remember me. Ah, Mr. Swift,
how do you do?" he added quickly, catching sight of Tom's
father, who, with Mr. Sharp, was coming to meet the lad.

"Addison Berg!" exclaimed the aged inventor as he saw the
man's face more plainly. "What are you doing here?"

"I came to see you," replied the man. "May I have a talk
with you privately?"

"I--I suppose so," assented Mr. Swift nervously. "Come
into the house."

Mr. Berg left Tom's side and advanced to where Mr. Swift
was standing. Together the two emerged from the now fast
darkening shop and went toward the house.

"Who is he?" asked Mr. Sharp of the young inventor in a
whisper.

"I don't know," replied the lad; "but, whoever he is, dad
seems afraid of him. I'm going to keep my eyes open."




Chapter Three

Mr. Berg is Astonished


Following his father and the stranger whom the aged
inventor had addressed as Mr. Berg, Tom and Mr. Sharp
entered the house, the lad having first made sure that
Garret Jackson was on guard in the shop that contained the
sub marine.

"Now," said Mr. Swift to the newcomer, "I am at your
service. What is it you wish?"

"In the first place, let me apologize for having startled
you and your friends," began the man. "I had no idea of
sneaking into your workshop, but I had just arrived here,
and seeing the doors open I went in. I heard no one about,
and I wandered to the back of the place. There I happened to
stumble over a board--"

"And I heard you," interrupted Tom.

"Is this one of your employees?" asked Mr. Berg in rather
frigid tones.

"That is my son," replied Mr. Swift.

"Oh, I beg your pardon." The man's manner changed quickly.
"Well, I guess you did hear me, young man. I didn't intend
to hark my shins the way I did, either. You must have taken
me for a burglar or a sneak thief."

"I have been very much bothered by a gang of unscrupulous
men," said Mr. Swift, "and I suppose Tom thought it was some
of them sneaking around again."

"That's what I did," added the lad. "I wasn't going to
have any one steal the secret of the submarine if I could
help it."

"Quite right! Quite right!" exclaimed Mr. Berg. "But my
purpose was an open one. As you know, Mr. Swift, I represent
the firm of Bentley & Eagert, builders of submarine boats
and torpedoes. They heard that you were constructing a craft
to take part in the competitive prize tests of the United
States Government, and they asked me to come and see you to
learn when your ship would be ready. Ours is completed, but
we recognize that it will be for the best interests of all
concerned if there are a number of contestants, and my firm
did not want to send in their entry until they knew that you
were about finished with your ship. How about it? Are you
ready to compete?"

"Yes," said Mr. Swift slowly. "We are about ready. My
craft needs a few finishing touches, and then it will be
ready to launch."

"Then we may expect a good contest on your part,"
suggested Mr. Berg.

"Well," began the aged inventor, "I don't know about
that."

"What's that?" exclaimed Mr. Berg.

"I said I wasn't quite sure that we would compete," went
on Mr. Swift. "You see, when I first got this idea for a
submarine boat I had it in mind to try for the Government
prize of fifty thousand dollars."

"That's what we want, too," interrupted Mr. Berg with a
smile.

"But," went on Tom's father, "since then certain matters
have come up, and I think, on the whole, that we'll not
compete for the prize after all."

"Not compete for the prize?" almost shouted the agent for
Bentley & Eagert. "Why, the idea! You ought to compete. It
is good for the trade. We think we have a very fine craft,
and probably we would beat you in the tests, but--"

"I wouldn't be too sure of that," put in Tom. "You have
only seen the outside of our boat. The inside is better
yet."

"Ah, I have no doubt of that," spoke Mr. Berg, "but we
have been at the business longer than you have, and have had
more experience. Still we welcome competition. But I am very
much surprised that you are not going to compete for the
prize, Mr. Swift. Very much surprised, indeed! You see, I
came down from Philadelphia to arrange so that we could both
enter our ships at the same time. I understand there is
another firm of submarine boat builders who are going to try
for the prize, and I want to arrange a date that will he
satisfactory to all. I am greatly astonished that you are
not going to compete."

"Well, we were going to," said Mr. Swift, "only we have
changed our minds, that's all. My son and I have other
plans."

"May I ask what they are?" questioned Mr. Berg.

"You may," exclaimed Tom quickly; "but I don't believe we
can tell you. They're a secret," he added more cordially.

"Oh, I see," retorted Mr. Berg. "Well, of course I don't
wish to penetrate any of your secrets, but I hoped we could
contest together for the Government prize. It is worth
trying for I assure you--fifty thousand dollars. Besides,
there is the possibility of selling a number of submarines
to the United States. It's a fine prize."

"But the one we are after is a bigger one," Cried Tom
impetuously, and the moment he had spoken the wished he
could recall the words.

"Eh? What's that?" exclaimed Mr. Berg. "You don't mean to
say another government has offered a larger prize? If I had
known that I would not have let my firm enter into the
competition for the bonus offered by the United States.
Please tell me."

"I'm sorry," went on Tom more soberly. "I shouldn't have
spoken. Mr. Berg, the plans of my father and myself are such
that we can't reveal them now. We are going to try for a
prize, but not in competition with you. It's an entirely
different matter."

"Well, I guess you'll find that the firm of Bentley &
Eagert are capable of trying for any prizes that are
offered," boasted the agent. "We may be competitors yet."

"I don't believe so," replied Mr. Swift

"We may," repeated Mr. Berg. "And if we do, please
remember that we will show no mercy. Our boats are the
best."

"And may the best boat win," interjected Mr. Sharp.
"That's all we ask. A fair field and no favors."

"Of course," spoke the agent coldly. "Is this another son
of yours?" he asked.

"No but a good friend," replied the aged inventor. "No,
Mr. Berg, we won't compete this time. You may tell your firm
so."

"Very good," was the other's stiff reply. "Then
I will bid you good night. We shall carry off the
Government prize, but permit me to add that I
am very much astonished, very much indeed, that
you do not try for the prize. From what I have
seen of your submarine you have a very good
one, almost as good, in some respects, as ours.
I bid you good night," and with a bow the man
left the room and hurried away from the house.




Chapter Four

Tom is Imprisoned


"Well, I must say he's a cool one," remarked Tom, as the
echoes of Mr. Berg's steps died away. "The idea of thinking
his boat better than ours! I don't like that man, dad. I'm
suspicious of him. Do you think he came here to steal some
of our ideas?"

"No, I hardly believe so, my son. But how did you discover
him?"

"Just as you saw, dad. I heard a noise and went back there
to investigate. I found him sneaking around, looking at the
electric propeller plates. I went to grab him just as he
stumbled over a hoard. At first I thought it was one of the
old gang. I'm almost sure he was trying to discover
something."

"No, Tom. the firm he works for are good business men, and
they would not countenance anything like that. They are
heartless competitors, however, and if they saw a legitimate
chance to get ahead of me and take advantage, they would do
it. But they would not sneak in to steal my ideas. I feel
sure of that. Besides, they have a certain type of submarine
which they think is the best ever invented, and they would
hardly change at this late day. They feel sure of winning
the Government prize, and I'm just as glad we're not going
to have a contest."

"Do you think our boat is better than theirs?"

"Much better, in many respects."

"I don't like that man Berg, though," went on Tom.

"Nor do I," added his father. "There is something strange
about him.  He was very anxious that I should compete.
Probably he thought his firm's boat would go so far ahead of
ours that they would get an extra bonus. But I'm glad he
didn't see our new method of propulsion. That is the
principal improvement in the Advance over other types of
submarines. Well, another week and we will be ready for the
test."

"Have you known Mr. Berg long, dad?"

"Not very. I met him in Washington when I was in the
patent office. He was taking out papers on a submarine for
his firm at the same time I got mine for the Advance. It is
rather curious that he should come all the way here from
Philadelphia. merely to see if I was going to compete. There
is something strange about it, something that I can't
understand."

The time was to come when Mr. Swift and his son were to
get at the bottom of Mr. Berg's reasons, and they learned to
their sorrow that he had penetrated some of their secrets.

Before going to bed that night Tom and Mr. Sharp paid a
visit to the shed where the submarine was resting on the
ways, ready for launching. They found Mr. Jackson on guard
and the engineer said that no one had been around. Nor was
anything found disturbed.

"It certainly is a great machine," remarked the lad as he
looked up at the cigar-shaped bulk towering over his head.
"Dad has outdone himself this trip."

"It looks all right," commented Mr. Sharp. "Whether it
will work is another question."

"Yes, we can't tell until it's in the water," con ceded
Tom. "But I hope it does. Dad has spent much time and money
on it."

The Advance was, as her name indicated, much in advance of
previous submarines. There was not so much difference in
outward construction as there was in the means of propulsion
and in the manner in which the interior and the machinery
were arranged.

The submarine planned by Mr. Swift and Tom jointly, and
constructed by them, with the aid of Mr. Sharp and Mr.
Jackson, was shaped like a Cigar, over one hundred feet long
and twenty feet in diameter at the thickest part. It was
divided into many compartments, all water-tight, so that if
one or even three were flooded the ship would still be
useable.

Buoyancy was provided for by having several tanks for the
introduction of compressed air, and there was an emergency
arrangement so that a collapsible aluminum container could
be distended and filled with a powerful gas. This was to be
used if, by any means, the ship was disabled on the bottom
of the ocean. The container could be expanded and filled,
and would send the Advance to the surface.

Another peculiar feature was that the engine-room, dynamos
and other apparatus were all contained amidships. This gave
stability to the craft, and also enabled the same engine to
operate both shafts and propellers, as well as both the
negative forward electrical plates, and the positive rear
ones.

These plates were a new idea in submarine construction,
and were the outcome of an idea of Mr. Swift, with some
suggestions from his son.

The aged inventor did not want to depend on the usual
screw propellers for his craft, nor did he want to use a jet
of compressed air, shooting out from a rear tube, nor yet a
jet of water, by means of which the creature called the
squid shoots himself along. Mr. Swift planned to send the
Advance along under water by means of electricity.

Certain peculiar plates were built at the forward and aft
blunt noses of the submarine. Into the forward plate a
negative charge of electricity was sent, and into the one at
the rear a positive charge, just as one end of a horseshoe
magnet is positive and will repel the north end of a compass
needle, while the other pole of a magnet is negative and
will attract it. In electricity like repels like, while
negative and positive have a mutual attraction for each
other.

Mr. Swift figured out that if he could send a powerful
current of negative electricity into the forward plate it
would pull the boat along, for water is a good conductor of
electricity, while if a positive charge was sent into the
rear plate it would serve to push the submarine along, and
he would thus get a pulling and pushing motion, just as a
forward and aft propeller works on some ferry boats.

But the inventor did not depend on these plates alone.
There were auxiliary forward and aft propellers of the
regular type, so that if the electrical plates did not work,
or got out of order, the screws would serve to send the
Advance along.

There was much machinery in the submarine There were
gasolene motors, since space was too cramped to allow the
carrying of coal for boilers. There were dynamos, motors and
powerful pumps. Some of these were for air, and some for
water. To sink the submarine below the surface large tanks
were filled with water. To insure a more sudden descent,
deflecting rudders were also used, similar to those on an
airship. There were also special air pumps, and one for the
powerful gas, which was manufactured on board.

Forward from the engine-room was a cabin, where meals
could be served, and where the travelers could remain in the
daytime. There was also a small cooking galley, or kitchen,
there. Back of the engine-room were the sleeping quarters
and the storerooms. The submarine was steered from the
forward compartment, and here were also levers, wheels and
valves that controlled all the machinery, while a number of
dials showed in which direction they were going, how deep
they were, and at what speed they were moving, as well as
what the ocean pressure was.

On top, forward, was a small conning, or observation
tower, with auxiliary and steering and controlling apparatus
there. This was to be used when the ship was moving along
on the surface of the ocean, or merely with the deck awash.
There was a small flat deck surrounding the conning tower
and this was available when the craft was on the surface.

There was provision made for leaving the ship when it was
on the bed of the ocean. When it was desired to do this the
occupants put on diving suits, which were provided with
portable oxygen tanks. Then they entered a chamber into
which water was admitted until it was equal in pressure to
that outside. Then a steel door was opened, and they could
step out. To re-enter the ship the operation was reversed.
This was not a new feature. In fact, many submarines to-day
use it

At certain places there were thick bull's-eye windows, by
means of which the under-water travelers could look out into
the ocean through which they were moving. As a defense
against the attacks of submarine monsters there was a steel,
pointed ram, like a big harpoon. There were also a bow and a
stern electrical gun, of which more will be told later.

In addition to ample sleeping accommodations. there were
many conveniences aboard the Advance. Plenty of fresh water
could be carried, and there was an apparatus for distilling
more from the sea water that surrounded the travelers.
Compressed air was carried in large tanks, and oxygen could
be made as needed. In short, nothing that could add to the
comfort or safety of the travelers had been omitted. There
was a powerful crane and windlass, which had been installed
when Mr. Swift thought his boat might be bought by the
Government. This was to be used for raising wrecks or
recovering objects from the bottom of the ocean. Ample
stores and provisions were to be carried and, once the
travelers were shut up in the Advance, they could exist for
a month below the surface, providing no accident occurred.

All these things Tom and Mr. Sharp thought of as they
looked over the ship before turning in for the night. The
craft was made immensely strong to withstand powerful
pressure at the bottom of the ocean. The submarine could
penetrate to a depth of about three miles. Below that it was
dangerous to go, as the awful force would crush the plates,
powerful as they were.

"Well, we'll rush things to-morrow and the next day,"
observed Tom as he prepared to leave the building. "Then
we'll soon see if it works."

For the next week there were busy times in the shop near
the ocean. Great secrecy was maintained, and though
curiosity seekers did stroll along now and then, they
received little satisfaction. At first Mr. Swift thought
that the visit of Mr. Berg would have unpleasant results,
for he feared that the agent would talk about the craft, of
which he had so unexpectedly gotten a sight. But nothing
seemed to follow from his chance inspection, and it was
forgotten.

It was one evening, about a week later, that Tom was alone
in the shop. The two mechanics that had been hired to help
out in the rush had been let go, and the ship needed but a
few adjustments to make it ready for the sea.

"I think I'll just take another look at the water tank
valves," said Tom to himself as he prepared to enter the big
compartments which received the water ballast. "I want to be
sure they work properly and quickly. We've got to depend on
them to make us sink when we want to, and, what's more
important, to rise to the surface in a hurry. I've got time
enough to look them over before dad and Mr. Sharp get back."

Tom entered the starboard tank by means of an emergency
sliding door between the big compartments and the main part
of the ship. This was closed by a worm and screw gear, and
once the ship was in the water would seldom be used.

The young inventor proceeded with his task, carefully
inspecting the valves by the light of a lantern he carried.
The apparatus seemed to be all right, and Tom was about to
leave when a peculiar noise attracted his attention. It was
the sound of metal scraping on metal, and the lad's quick
and well-trained ear told him it was somewhere about the
ship.

He turned to leave the tank, but as he wheeled around his
light flashed on a solid wall of steel back of him. The
emergency outlet had been closed! He was a prisoner in the
water compartment, and he knew, from past experience, that
shout as he would, his voice could not be heard ten feet
away. His father and Mr. Sharp, as he was aware, had gone to
a nearby city for some tools, and Mr. Jackson, the engineer,
was temporarily away. Mrs. Baggert, in the house, could not
hear his cries.

"I'm locked in!" cried Tom aloud. "The worm gear must have
shut of itself. But I don't see how that could be. I've got
to get out mighty soon, though, or I'll smother. This tank
is airtight, and it won't take me long to breath up all the
oxygen there is here. I must get that slide open."

He sought to grasp the steel plate that closed the
emergency opening. His fingers slipped over the smooth,
polished surface. He was hermetically sealed up--a captive!
Blankly he set his lantern down and leaned hopelessly
against the wall of the tank.

"I've got to get out," he murmured.

As if in answer to him he heard a voice on the outside,
crying:

"There, Tom Swift! I guess I've gotten even with you now!
Maybe next time you won't take a reward away from me, and
lick me into the bargain. I've got you shut up good and
tight, and you'll stay there until I get ready to let you
out."

"Andy Foger!" gasped Tom. "Andy Foger sneaked in here and
turned the gear. But how did he get to this part of the
coast? Andy Foger, you let me out!" shouted the young
inventor; and as Andy's mocking laugh came to him faintly
through the steel sides of the submarine, the imprisoned lad
beat desperately with his hands on the smooth sides of the
tank, vainly wondering how his enemy had discovered him.




Chapter Five

Mr. Berg is Suspicious


Not for long did the young inventor endeavor to break his
way out of the water-ballast tank by striking the heavy
sides of it. Tom realized that this was worse than useless.
He listened intently, but could hear nothing. Even the
retreating footsteps of Andy Foger were inaudible.

"This certainly is a pickle!" exclaimed Tom aloud. "I
can't understand how he ever got here. He must have traced
us after we went to Shopton in the airship the last time.
Then he sneaked in here. Probably he saw me enter, but how
could he knew enough to work the worm gear and close the
door? Andy has had some experience with machinery, though,
and one of the vaults in the bank where his father is a
director closed just like this tank. That's very likely how
he learned about it. But I've got to do something else
besides thinking of that sneak, Andy. I've got to get out of
here. Let's see if I can work the gear from inside."

Before he started, almost, Tom knew that it would be
impossible. The tank was made to close from the interior of
the submarine, and the heavy door, built to withstand the
pressure of tons of water, could not be forced except by the
proper means.

"No use trying that," concluded the lad, after a tiring
attempt to force back the sliding door with his hands. "I've
got to call for help."

He shouted until the vibrations in the confined space made
his ears ring, and the mere exertion of raising his voice to
the highest pitch made his heart beat quickly. Yet there
came no response. He hardly expected that there would be
any, for with his father and Mr. Sharp away, the engineer
absent on an errand, and Mrs. Baggert in the house some
distance off, there was no one to hear his calls for help,
even if they had been capable of penetrating farther than
the extent of the shed, where the under-water craft had been
constructed.

"I've got to wait until some of them come out here,"
thought Tom. "They'll be sure to release me and make a
search. Then it will be easy enough to call to them and tell
them where I am, once they are inside the shed. But--" He
paused, for a horrible fear came over him. "Suppose they
should come--too late?" The tank was airtight. There was
enough air in it to last for some time, but, sooner or
later, it would no longer support life. Already, Tom
thought, it seemed oppressive, though probably that was his
imagination.

"I must get out!" he repeated frantically. "I'll die in
here soon."

Again he tried to shove back the steel door. Then he
repeated his cries until be was weary. No one answered him.
He fancied once he could hear footsteps in the shed, and
thought, perhaps, it was Andy, come back to gloat over him.
Then Tom knew the red-haired coward would not dare venture
back. We must do Andy the justice to say that he never
realized that he was endangering Tom's life. The bully had
no idea the tank was airtight when he closed it. He had seen
Tom enter and a sudden whim came to him to revenge himself.

But that did not help the young inventor any. There was no
doubt about it now--the air was becoming close. Tom had been
imprisoned nearly two hours, and as he was a healthy, strong
lad, he required plenty of oxygen. There was certainly less
than there had been in the tank. His head began to buzz, and
there was a ringing in his ears.

Once more he fell upon his knees, and his fingers sought
the small projections of the gear on the inside of the door
He could no more budge the mechanism than a child could open
a burglar-proof vault.

"It's no use," he moaned, and he sprawled at full length
on the floor of the tank, for there the air was purer. As he
did so his fingers touched something. He started as they
closed around the handle of a big monkey wrench. It was one
he had brought into the place with him. Imbued with new hope
be struck a match and lighted his lantern, which he had
allowed to go out as it burned up too much of the oxygen. By
the gleam of it he looked to see if there were any bolts or
nuts he could loosen with the wrench, in order to slide the
door back. It needed but a glance to show him the futility
of this.

"It's no go," he murmured, and he let the wrench fall to
the floor. There was a ringing, clanging sound, and as it
smote his ears Tom sprang up with an exclamation.

"That's the thing!" he cried. "I wonder I didn't think of
it before. I can signal for help by pounding on the sides of
the tank with the wrench. The blows will carry a good deal
farther than my voice would." Every one knows how far the
noise of a boiler shop, with hammers falling on steel
plates, can be heard; much farther than can a human voice.

Tom began a lusty tattoo on the metal sides of the tank.
At first he merely rattled out blow after blow, and then, as
another thought came to him, he adopted a certain plan. Some
time previous, when he and Mr. Sharp had planned their trip
in the air, the two had adopted a code of signals. As it was
difficult in a high wind to shout from one end of the
airship to the other, the young inventor would sometimes
pound on the pipe which ran from the pilot house of the Red
Cloud to the engine-room. By a combination of numbers,
simple messages could be conveyed. The code included a call
for help. Forty-seven was the number, but there had never
been any occasion to use it.

Tom remembered this now. At once he ceased his
indiscriminate hammering, and began to beat out regularly--
one, two, three, four--then a pause, and seven blows would
be given. Over and over again he rang out this number--forty
seven--the call for help.

"If Mr. Sharp only comes back he will hear that, even in
the house," thought poor Tom "Maybe Garret or Mrs. Baggert
will hear it, too, but they won't know what it means.
They'll think I'm just working on the submarine."

It seemed several hours to Tom that he pounded out that
cry for aid, but, as he afterward learned, it was only a
little over an hour. Signal after signal he sent vibrating
from the steel sides of the tank. When one arm tired he
would use the other. He grew weary, his head was aching, and
there was a ringing in his ears; a ringing that seemed as if
ten thousand bells were jangling out their peals, and he
could barely distinguish his own pounding.

Signal after signal he sounded. It was becoming like a
dream to him, when suddenly, as he paused for a rest, he
heard his name called faintly, as if far away.

"Tom! Tom! Where are you?"

It was the voice of Mr. Sharp. Then followed the tones of
the aged inventor.

"My poor boy! Tom, are you still alive?"

"Yes, dad! In the starboard tank!" the lad gasped out, and
then he lost his senses. When he revived he was lying on a
pile of bagging in the submarine shop, and his father and
the aeronaut were bending over him.

"Are you all right, Tom?" asked Mr. Swift.

"Yes--I--I guess so," was the hesitating answer. "Yes,"
the lad added, as the fresh air cleared his head. "I'll be
all right pretty soon. Have you seen Andy Foger?"

"Did he shut you in there?" demanded Mr. Swift.

Tom nodded.

"I'll have him arrested!" declared Mr. Swift "I'll go to
town as soon as you're in good shape again and notify the
police."

"No, don't," pleaded Tom. "I'll take care of Andy myself.
I don't really believe he knew how serious it was. I'll
settle with him later, though."

"Well, it came mighty near being serious," remarked Mr.
Sharp grimly. "Your father and I came back a little sooner
than we expected, and as soon as I got near the house I
heard your signal. I knew what it was in a moment. There
were Mrs. Baggert and Garret talking away, and when I asked
them why they didn't answer your call they said they thought
you were merely tinkering with the machinery. But I knew
better. It's the first time we ever had a use for 'forty-
seven,' Tom."

"And I hope it will be the last," replied the young
inventor with a faint smile. "But I'd like to know what Andy
Foger is doing in this neighborhood."

Tom was soon himself again and able to go to the house,
where he found Mrs. Baggert brewing a big basin of catnip
tea, under the impression that it would in some way be good
for his. She could not forgive herself for not having
answered his signal, and as for Mr. Jackson, he had started
for a doctor as soon as he learned that Tom was shut up in
the tank. The services of the medical man were canceled by
telephone, as there was no need for him, and the engineer
came back to the house.

Tom was fully himself the next day, and aided his father
and Mr. Sharp in putting the finishing touches to the
Advance. It was found that some alteration was required in
the auxiliary propellers, and this, much to the regret of
the young inventor, would necessitate postponing the trial a
few days.

"But we'll have her in the water next Friday." promised
Mr. Swift.

"Aren't you superstitious about Friday?" asked the
balloonist.

"Not a bit of it," replied the aged inventor. "Tom," he
added, "I wish you would go in the house and get me the roll
of blueprints you'll find on my desk."

As the lad neared the cottage he saw, standing in front of
the place, a small automobile. A man had just descended
from it, and it needed but a glance to show that he was Mr.
Addison Berg.

"Ah, good morning, Mr. Swift," greeted Mr. Berg. "I wish
to see your father, but as I don't wish to lay myself open
to suspicions by entering the shop, perhaps you will ask him
to step here."

"Certainly," answered the lad, wondering why the agent had
returned. Getting the blueprints, and asking Mr. Berg to sit
down on the porch, Tom delivered the message.

"You come back with me, Tom," said his father. "I want you
to be a witness to what he says. I'm not going to get into
trouble with these people."

Mr. Berg came to the point at once.

"Mr. Swift," he said, "I wish you would reconsider your
determination not to enter the Government trials. I'd like
to see you compete. So would my firm."

"There is no use going over that again," replied the aged
inventor. "I have another object in view now than trying for
the Government prize. What it is I can't say, but it may
develop in time--if we are successful," and he looked at
his son, smiling the while.

Mr. Berg tried to argue, but it was of no avail Then he
changed his manner, and said:

"Well, since you won't, you won't, I suppose. I'll go back
and report to my firm.  Have you anything special to do this
morning?" he went on to Tom.

"Well, I can always find something to keep me busy,"
replied the lad, "but as for anything special--"

"I thought perhaps you'd like to go for a trip in my
auto," interrupted Mr. Berg. "I had asked a young man who is
stopping at the same hotel where I am to accompany me, but
he has unexpectedly left, and I don't like to go alone. His
name was--let me see. I have a wretched memory for names,
but it was something like Roger or Moger."

"Foger!" cried Tom. "Was it Andy Foger?"

"Yes, that was it. Why, do you know him?" asked Mr. Berg
in some surprise.

"I should say so," replied Tom. "He was the cause of what
might have resulted in something serious for me," and the
lad explained about being imprisoned in the tank.

"You don't tell me!" cried Mr. Berg. "I had no idea he was
that kind of a lad. You see, his father is one of the
directors of the firm by whom I am employed. Andy came from
home to spend a few weeks at the seaside, and stopped at the
same hotel that I did. He went off yesterday afternoon, and
I haven't seen him since, though he promised to go for a
ride with me. He must have come over here and entered your
shop unobserved. I remember now he asked me where the
submarine was being built that was going to compete with our
firm's, and I told him. I didn't think he was that kind of
a lad. Well, since he's probably gone back home, perhaps you
will come for a ride with me, Tom."

"I'm afraid I can't go, thank you," answered the lad. "We
are very busy getting our submarine in shape for a trial.
But I can imagine why Andy left so hurriedly. He probably
learned that a doctor had been summoned for me, though, as
it happened, I didn't need one. But Andy probably got
frightened at what he had done, and left. I'll make him
more sorry, when I meet him."

"Don't blame you a bit," commented Mr. Berg. "Well, I must
be getting back."

He hastened out to his auto, while Tom and his father
watched the agent.

"Tom, never trust that man," advised the aged inventor
solemnly.

"Just what I was about to remark," said his son. "Well,
let's get back to work. Queer that he should come here
again, and it's queer about Andy Foger."

Father and son returned to the machine shop, while Mr.
Berg puffed away in his auto. A little later, Tom having
occasion to go to a building near the boundary line of the
cottage property which his father had hired for the season,
saw, through the hedge that bordered it, an automobile
standing in the road. A second glance showed him that it was
Mr. Berg's machine. Something had gone wrong with it, and
the agent had alighted to make an adjustment.

The young inventor was close to the man, though the latter
was unaware of his presence.

"Hang it all!" Tom heard Mr. Berg exclaim to himself. "I
wonder what they can be up to? They won't enter the
Government contests, and they won't say why. I believe
they're up to some game, and I've got to find out what it
is. I wonder if I couldn't use this Foger chap?"

"He seems to have it in for this Tom Swift," Mr. Berg went
on, still talking to himself, though not so low but that Tom
could hear him. "I think I'll try it. I'll get Andy Foger to
sneak around and find out what the game is. He'll do it, I
know."

By this time the auto was in working order again, and the
agent took his seat and started off.

"So that's how matters lie, eh?" thought Tom. "Well, Mr.
Berg, we'll be doubly on the lookout for you after this. As
for Andy Foger, I think I'll make him wish he'd never locked
me in that tank. So you expect to find out our 'game,' eh,
Mr. Berg? Well, when you do know it, I think it will
astonish you. I only hope you don't learn what it is until
we get at that sunken treasure, though."

But alas for Tom's hopes. Mr. Berg did learn of the object
of the treasure-seekers, and sought to defeat them, as we
shall learn as our story proceeds.




Chapter Six

Turning the Tables


When the young inventor informed his father what he had
overheard Mr. Berg saying, the aged inventor was not as much
worried as his son anticipated.

"All we'll have to do, Tom," he said, "is to keep quiet
about where we are going. Once we have the Advance afloat,
and try her out, we can start on our voyage for the South
American Coast and search for the sunken treasure. When we
begin our voyage under water I defy any one to tell where we
are going, or what our plans are. No, I don't believe we
need worry about Mr. Berg, though he probably means
mischief."

"Well, I'm going to keep my eyes open for him and Andy
Foger," declared Tom.

The days that followed were filled with work. Not only
were there many unexpected things to do about the submarine,
but Mr. Sharp was kept busy making inquiries about the
sunken treasure ship. These inquiries had to he made
carefully, as the adventurers did not want their plans
talked of, and nothing circulates more quickly than rumors
of an expedition after treasure of any kind.

"What about the old sea captain you were going to get to
go with us?" asked Mr. Swift of the balloonist one afternoon.
"Have you succeeded in finding one yet?"

"Yes; I am in communication with a man think will be just
the person for us. His name is Captain Alden Weston, and he
has sailed all over the world. He has also taken part in
more than one revolution, and, in fact, is a soldier of
fortune. I do not know him personally, but a friend of mine
knows him, and says he will serve us faithfully. I have
written to him, and he will he here in a few days."

"That's good. Now about the location of the wreck itself.
Have you been able to learn any more details?"

"Well, not many. You see, the Boldero was abandoned in a
storm, and the captain did not take very careful
observations. As nearly as it can be figured out the
treasure ship went to the bottom in latitude forty-five
degrees south, and longitude twenty-seven east from
Washington. That's a pretty indefinite location, but I hope,
once we get off the Uruguay coast, we can better it. We can
anchor or lay outside the harbor, and in the small boat we
carry go ashore and possibly gain more details. For it was
at Montevideo that the shipwrecked passengers and sailors
landed."

"Does Captain Weston know our object?" inquired Tom.

"No, and I don't propose to tell him until we are ready to
start," replied Mr. Sharp. "I don't know just how he'll
consider a submarine trip after treasure, but if I spring it
on him suddenly he's less likely to back out. Oh, I think
he'll go."

Somewhat unexpectedly the next day it was discovered that
certain tools and appliances were needed for the submarine,
and they had been left in the house at Shopton, where
Eradicate Sampson was in charge as caretaker during the
absence of Mr. Swift and his son and the housekeeper.

"Well, I suppose we'll have to go back after them,"
remarked Tom. "We'll take the airship, dad, and make a two-
days' trip of it. Is there anything else you want?"

"Well, you might bring a bundle of papers you'll find in
the lower right hand drawer of my desk. They contain some
memoranda I need."

Tom and Mr. Sharp had become so used to traveling in the
airship that it seemed no novelty to them, though they
attracted much attention wherever they went. They soon had
the Red Cloud in readiness for a flight, and rising in the
air above the shop that contained the powerful submarine, a
craft utterly different in type from the aeroplane, the nose
of the airship was pointed toward Shopton.

They made a good flight and landed near the big shed where
the bird of the air was kept. It was early evening when they
got to the Swift homestead, and Eradicate Sampson was glad
to see them.

Eradicate was a good cook, and soon had a meal ready for
the travelers. Then, while Mr. Sharp selected the tools and
other things needed, and put them in the airship ready for
the start back the next morning, Tom concluded he would take
a stroll into Shopton, to see if he could see his friend,
Ned Newton. It was early evening, and the close of a
beautiful day, a sharp shower in the morning having cooled
the air.

Tom was greeted by a number of acquaintances as he
strolled along, for, since the episode of the bank robbery,
when he had so unexpectedly returned with the thieves and
the cash, the lad was better known than ever.

"I guess Ned must be home" thought our hero as he looked
in vain for his chum among the throng on the streets. "I've
got time to take a stroll down to his house."

Tom was about to cross the street when he was startled by
the sound of an automobile horn loudly blown just at his
side. Then a voice called:

"Hey, there! Git out of the way if you don't want to be
run over!"

He looked up, and saw a car careening along. At the wheel
was the red-haired bully, Andy Foger, and in the tonneau
were Sam Snedecker and Pete Bailey.

"Git out of the way," added Sam, and he grinned
maliciously at Tom.

The latter stepped back, well out of the path of the car,
which was not moving very fast. Just in front of Tom was a
puddle of muddy water. There was no necessity for Andy
steering into it, but he saw his opportunity, and a moment
later one of the big pneumatic tires had plunged into the
dirty fluid, spattering it all over Tom, some even going as
high as his face.

"Ha! ha!" laughed Andy. "Maybe you'll get out of my way
next time, Tom Swift."

The young inventor was almost speechless from righteous
anger. He wiped the mud from his face, glanced down at his
clothes, which were all but ruined, and called out:

"Hold on there, Andy Foger! I want to see you!" for he
thought of the time when Andy had shut him in the tank.

"Ta! ta!" shouted Pete Bailey.

"See you later," added Sam.

"Better go home and take a bath, and then sail away in
your submarine," went on Andy. "I'll bet it will sink."

Before Tom could reply the auto had turned a corner.
Disgusted and angry, he tried to sop up some of the muddy
water with his handkerchief. While thus engaged he heard his
name called, and looked up to see Ned Newton.

"What's the matter? Fall down?" asked his chum.

"Andy Foger," replied Tom.

"That's enough," retorted Ned. "I can guess the rest.
We'll have to tar and feather him some day, and ride him out
of town on a rail. I'd kick him myself, only his father is a
director in the bank where I work, and I'd be fired if I
did. Can't afford any such pleasure. But some day I'll give
Andy a good trouncing, and then resign before they can
discharge me. But I'll be looking for another job before I
do that. Come on to my house, Tom, and I'll help you clean
up."

Tom was a little more presentable when he left his chum's
residence, after spending the evening there, but he was
still burning for revenge against Andy and his cronies. He
had half a notion to go to Andy's house and tell Mr. Foger
how nearly serious the bully's prank at the sub marine had
been, but be concluded that Mr. Foger could only uphold his
son. "No, I'll settle with him myself," decided Tom.

Bidding Eradicate keep a watchful eye about the house, and
leaving word for Mr. Damon to be sure to come to the coast
if he again called at the Shopton house, Tom and Mr. Sharp
prepared to make their return trip early the next morning.

The gas tank was filled and the Red Cloud arose in the
air. Then, with the propellers moving at moderate speed, the
nose of the craft was pointed toward the New Jersey coast.

A few miles out from Shopton, finding there was a contrary
wind in the upper regions where they were traveling, Mr.
Sharp descended several hundred feet. They were moving over
a sparsely settled part of the country, and looking down,
Tom saw, speeding along a highway, an automobile.

"I wonder who's in it?" he remarked, taking down a
telescope and peering over the window ledge of the cabin.
The next moment he uttered a startled exclamation.

"Andy  Foger, Sam  Snedecker and Pete Bailey!" he cried.
"Oh, I wish I had a bucket of water to empty on them."

"I know a better way to get even with them than that,"
said Mr. Sharp.

"How?" asked Tom eagerly.

"I'll show you," replied the balloonist. "It's a trick I
once played on a fellow who did me an injury. Here, you
steer for a minute until I get the thing fixed, then I'll
take charge."

Mr. Sharp went to the storeroom and came back with a long,
stout rope and a small anchor of four prongs. It was carried
to be used in emergencies, but so far had never been called
into requisition. Fastening the grapple to the cable, the
balloonist said:

"Now, Tom, they haven't seen you. You stand in the stern
and pay out the rope. I'll steer the airship, and what I
want you to do is to catch the anchor in the rear of their
car. Then I'll show you some fun."

Tom followed instructions. Slowly he lowered the rope with
the dangling grapple. The airship was also sent down, as the
cable was not quite long enough to reach the earth from the
height at which they were. The engine was run at slow speed,
so that the noise would not attract the attention of the
three cronies who were speeding along, all unconscious of
the craft in the air over their heads. The Red Cloud was
moving in the same direction as was the automobile.

The anchor was now close to the rear of Andy's car.
Suddenly it caught on the tonneau and Tom called that fact
to Mr. Sharp.

"Fasten the rope at the cleat," directed the balloonist.

Tom did so, and a moment later the aeronaut sent the
airship up by turning more gas into the container. At the
same time he reversed the engine and the Red Cloud began
pulling the touring car backward, also lifting the rear
wheels clear from the earth.

A startled cry from the occupants of the machine told Tom
and his friend that Andy and his cronies were aware
something was wrong. A moment later Andy, looking up, saw
the airship hovering in the air above him. Then he saw the
rope fast to his auto. The airship was not rising now, or
the auto would have been turned over, but it was slowly
pulling it backward, in spite of the fact that the motor of
the car was still going.

"Here! You let go of me!" cried Andy. "I'll have you
arrested if you damage my car."

"Come up here and cut the rope." called Tom leaning over
and looking down. He could enjoy the bully's discomfiture.
As for Sam and Pete, they were much frightened, and cowered
down on the floor of the tonneau.

"Maybe you'll shut me in the tank again and splash mud on
me!" shouted Tom.

The rear wheels of the auto were lifted still higher from
the ground, as Mr. Sharp turned on a little more gas. Andy
was not proof against this.

"Oh! oh!" he cried. "Please let me down, Tom. I'm awful
sorry for what I did! I'll never do it again! Please, please
let me down! Don't You'll tip me over!"

He had shut off his motor now, and was frantically
clinging to the steering wheel.

"Do you admit that you're a sneak and a coward?" asked
Tom, "rubbing it in."

"Yes, yes!  Oh, please let me down!"

"Shall we?" asked Tom of Mr. Sharp.

"Yes," replied the balloonist. "We can afford to lose the
rope and anchor for the sake of turning the tables. Cut the
cable."

Tom saw what was intended. Using a little hatchet, he
severed the rope with a single blow. With a crash that could
be heard up in the air where the Red Cloud hovered, the rear
wheels of the auto dropped to the ground. Then came two loud
reports.

"Both tires busted!" commented Mr. Sharp dryly, and Tom,
looking down, saw the trio of lads ruefully contemplating
the collapsed rubber of the rear wheels. The tables had been
effectually turned on Andy Foger. His auto was disabled, and
the airship, with a graceful sweep, mounted higher and
higher, continuing on its way to the coast.




Chapter Seven

Mr. Damon Will Go


"Well, I guess they've had their lesson," remarked Tom, as
he took an observation through the telescope and saw Andy
and his cronies hard at work trying to repair the ruptured
tires. "That certainly was a corking good trick."

"Yes," admitted Mr. Sharp modestly. "I once did something
similar, only it was a horse and wagon instead of an auto.
But let's try for another speed record. The conditions are
just right."

They arrived at the coast much sooner than they had dared
to hope, the Red Cloud proving herself a veritable wonder.

The remainder of that day, and part of the next, was spent
in working on the submarine.

"We'll launch her day after to-morrow," declared Mr. Swift
enthusiastically. "Then to see whether my calculations are
right or wrong."

"It won't be your fault if it doesn't work," said his son.
"You certainly have done your best."

"And so have you and Mr. Sharp and the others, for that
matter. Well, I have no doubt but that everything will be
all right, Tom."

"There!" exclaimed Mr. Sharp the next morning, as he was
adjusting a certain gage. "I knew I'd forget something. That
special brand of lubricating oil. I meant to bring it from
Shopton, and I didn't."

"Maybe I can get it in Atlantis," suggested Tom, naming
the coast city nearest to them. "I'll take a walk over. It
isn't far."

"Will you? I'll be glad to have you," resumed the
balloonist. "A gallon will be all we'll need."

Tom was soon on his way. He had to walk, as the roads were
too poor to permit him to use the motor-cycle, and the
airship attracted too much attention to use on a short trip.
He was strolling along, when from the other side of a row of
sand dunes, that lined the uncertain road to Atlantis, he
heard some one speaking. At first the tones were not
distinct, but as the lad drew nearer to the voice he heard
an exclamation.

"Bless my gold-headed cane! I believe I'm lost. He said it
was out this way somewhere, bet I don't see anything of it.
If I had that Eradicate Sampson here now I'd--bless my
shoelaces I don't know what I would do to him."

"Mr. Damon! Mr. Damon!" cried Tom. "Is that you?"

"Me? Of course it's me! Who else would it be?" answered
the voice. "But who are you. Why, bless my liver! If it
isn't Tom Swift!" he cried. "Oh, but I'm glad to see you! I
was afraid I was shipwrecked! Bless my gaiters, how are you,
anyhow? How is your father? How is Mr. Sharp, and all the
rest of them?"

"Pretty well. And you?"

"Me? Oh, I'm all right; only a trifle nervous. I called at
your house in Shopton yesterday, and Eradicate told me, as
well as he could, where you were located. I had nothing to
do, so I thought I'd take a run down here. But what's this I
hear about you? Are you going on a voyage?"

"Yes."

"In the air? May I go along again? I certainly enjoyed my
other trip in the Red Cloud. What is, all but the fire and
being shot at. May I go?"

"We're going on a different sort of trip this time," said
the youth.

"Where?"

"Under water."

"Under water?  Bless my sponge bath! You don't mean it!"

"Yes. Dad has completed the submarine he was working on
when we were off in the airship, and it will be launched the
day after to-morrow."

"Oh, that's so. I'd forgotten about it. He's going to try
for the Government prize, isn't he? But tell me more about
it. Bless my scarf-pin, but I'm glad I met you! Going into
town, I take it. Well, I just came from there, but I'll walk
back with you. Do you think--is there any possibility --that
I could go with you? Of course, I don't want to crowd you,
but--"

"Oh, there'll be plenty of room," replied the young
inventor. "In fact, more room than we had in the airship. We
were talking only the other day about the possibility of you
going with us, but we didn't think you'd risk it."

"Risk it? Bless my liver! Of course I'll risk' it! It
can't be as bad as sailing in the air. You can't fall,
that's certain."

"No; but maybe you can't rise," remarked Tom grimly.

"Oh, we won't think of that. Of course, I'd like to go. I
fully expected to be killed in the Red Cloud, but as I
wasn't I'm ready to take a chance in the water. On the
whole, I think I prefer to be buried at sea, anyhow. Now,
then, will you take me?"

"I think I can safely promise," answered Tom with a smile
at his friend's enthusiasm.

The two were approaching the city, having walked along as
they talked. There were still some sand dunes near the road,
and they kept on the side of these, nearest the beach, where
they could watch the breakers.

"But you haven't told me where you are going," went on Mr.
Damon, after blessing a few dozen objects. "Where do the
Government trials take place?"

"Well," replied the lad, "to be frank with you, we have
abandoned our intention of trying for the Government prize."

"Not going to try for it? Bless my slippers! Why not?
Isn't fifty thousand dollars worth striving for? And, with
the kind of a submarine you say you have, you ought to be
able to win."

"Yes, probably we could win," admitted the young inventor,
"but we are going to try for a better prize."

"A better one? I don't understand."

"Sunken treasure," explained Tom. "There's a ship sunk off
the coast of Uruguay, with three hundred thousand dollars in
gold bullion aboard. Dad and I are going to try to recover
that in our submarine. We're going to start day after
to-morrow, and, if you like, you may go along."

"Go along! Of course I'll go along!" cried the eccentric
man. "But I never heard of such a thing. Sunken treasure!
Three hundred thousand dollars in gold! My, what a lot of
money! And to go after it in a submarine! It's as good as a
story!"

"Yes, we hope to recover all the treasure," said the lad.
"We ought to be able to claim at least half of it."

"Bless my pocketbook!" cried Mr. Damon, but Tom did not
hear him. At that instant his attention was attracted by
seeing two men emerge from behind the sand dune near which
he and Mr. Damon had halted momentarily, when the youth
explained about the treasure. The man looked sharply at Tom.
A moment later the first man was joined by another, and at
the sight of him our hero could not repress an exclamation
of alarm. For the second man was none other than Addison
Berg.

The latter glanced quickly at Tom, and then, with a hasty
word to his companion, the two swung around and made off in
the opposite direction to that in which they had been
walking.

"What's the matter?" asked Mr. Damon, seeing the young
inventor was strangely affected.

"That--that man," stammered the lad.

"You don't mean to tell me that was one the Happy Harry
gang, do you?"

"No. But one, or both of those men, may prove to be worse.
That second man was Addison Berg, and he's agent for a firm
of submarine boat builders who are rivals of dad's. Berg has
been trying to find out why we abandoned our intention of
competing for the Government prize."

"I hope you didn't tell him."

"I didn't intend to," replied Tom, smiling grimly, "but
I'm afraid I have, however He certainly overheard what I
said. I spoke too loud. Yes, he must have heard me. That's
why he hurried off so."

"Possibly no harm is done. You didn't give the location of
the sunken ship."

"No; but I guess from what I said it will be easy enough
to find. Well, if we're going to have a fight for the
possession of that sunken gold, I'm ready for it. The
Advance is well equipped for a battle. I must tell dad of
this. It's my fault."

"And partly mine, for asking you such leading questions in
a public place," declared Mr. Damon. "Bless my coat-tails,
but I'm sorry! Maybe, after all, those men were so
interested in what they themselves were saying that they
didn't understand what you said."

But if there had been any doubts on this score they would
have been dissolved had Tom and his friend been able to see
the actions of Mr. Berg and his companion a little later.
The plans of the treasure-hunters had been revealed to their
ears.




Chapter Eight

Another Treasure Expedition


While Tom and Mr. Damon continued on to Atlantis after the
oil, the young inventor lamenting from time to time that his
remarks about the real destination of the Advance had been
overheard by Mr. Berg, the latter and his companion were
hastening back along the path that ran on one side of the
sand dunes.

"What's your hurry?" asked Mr. Maxwell, who was with the
submarine agent. "You turned around as if you were shot when
you saw that man and the lad. There didn't appear to be any
cause for such a hurry. From what I could hear they were
talking about a submarine. You're in the same business. You
might be friends."

"Yes, we might," admitted Mr. Berg with a peculiar smile;
"but, unless I'm very much mistaken, we're going to be
rivals."

"Rivals? What do you mean?"

"I can't tell you now. Perhaps I may later. But if you
don't mind, walk a little faster, please. I want to get to a
long-distance telephone."

"What for?"

"I have just overheard something that I wish to
communicate to my employers, Bentley & Eagert."

"Overheard something? I don't see what it could be, unless
that lad--"

"You'll learn in good time," went on the submarine agent.
"But I must telephone at once."

A little later the two men had reached a trolley line that
ran into Atlantis, and they arrived at the city before Mr.
Damon and Tom got there, as the latter had to go by a
circuitous route. Mr. Berg lost no time in calling up his
firm by telephone.

"I have had another talk with Mr. Swift," he reported to
Mr. Bentley, who came to the instrument in Philadelphia.

"Well, what does he say?" was the impatient question. "I
can't understand his not wanting to try for the Government
prize. It is astonishing. You said you were going to
discover the reason, Mn Berg, but you haven't done so."

"I have."

"What is it?"

"Well, the reason Mr. Swift and his son don't care to try
for the fifty thousand dollar prize is that they are after
one of three hundred thousand dollars."

"Three hundred thousand dollars!" cried Mr, Bentley. "What
government is going to offer such a prize as that for
submarines, when they are getting almost as common as
airships? We ought to have a try for that ourselves. What
government is it?"

"No government at all. But I think we ought to have a try
for it, Mr. Bentley."

"Explain."

"Well, I have just learned, most accidentally, that the
Swifts are going after sunken treasure--three hundred
thousand dollars in gold bullion."

"Sunken treasure? Where?

"I don't know exactly, but off the coast of Uruguay," and
Mr. Berg rapidly related what he had overheard Tom tell Mr.
Damon. Mr. Bentley was much excited and impatient for more
details, but his agent could not give them to him.

"Well," concluded the senior member of the firm of
submarine boat builders, "if the Swifts are going after
treasure, so can we. Come to Philadelphia at once, Mr. Berg,
and we'll talk this matter over. There is no time to lose.
We can afford to forego the Government prize for the chance
of getting a much larger one. We have as much right to
search for the sunken gold as the Swifts have. Come here at
once, and we will make our plans."

"All right," agreed the agent with a smile as he hung up
the receiver. "I guess," he murmured to himself, "that you
won't be so high and mighty with me after this, Tom Swift.
We'll see who has the best boat, after all. We'll have a
contest and a competition, but not for a government prize.
It will be for the sunken gold."

It was easy to see that Mr. Berg was much pleased with
himself.

Meanwhile, Tom and Mr. Damon had reached Atlantis, and had
purchased the oil. They started back, but Tom took a street
leading toward the center of the place, instead of striking
for the beach path, along which they had come.

"Where are you going?" asked Mr. Damon.

"I want to see if that Andy Foger has come back here,"
replied the lad, and he told of having been shut in the tank
by the bully.

"I've never properly punished him for that trick," he went
on, "though we did manage to burst his auto tires. I'm
curious to know how he knew enough to turn that gear and
shut the tank door. He must have been loitering near the
shop, seen me go in the submarine alone, watched his chance
and sneaked in after me. But I'd like to get a complete
explanation, and if I once got hold of Andy I could make him
talk," and Tom clenched his fist in a manner that augured no
good for the squint-eyed lad. "He was stopping at the same
hotel with Mr. Berg, and be hurried away after the trick he
played on me. I next saw him in Shopton, but I thought
perhaps he might have come back here. I'm going to inquire
at the hotel," he added.

Andy's name was not on the register since his hasty
flight, however, and Tom, after inquiring from the clerk and
learning that Mr. Berg was still a guest at the hostelry,
rejoined Mr. Damon.

"Bless my hat!" exclaimed that eccentric individual as
they started back to the lonely beach where the submarine
was awaiting her advent into the water. "The more I think
of the trip I'm going to take, the more I like it."

"I hope you will," remarked Tom. "It will be a new
experience for all of us. There's only one thing worrying
me, and that is about Mr. Berg having overheard what I
said."

"Oh, don't worry about that. Can't we slip away and leave
no trace in the water?"

"I hope so, but I must tell dad and Mr. Sharp about what
happened."

The aged inventor was not a little alarmed at what his son
related, but he agreed with Mr. Damon, whom he heartily
welcomed, that little was to be apprehended from Berg and
his employers.

"They know we're after a sunken wreck, but that's all they
do know," said Tom's father. "We are only waiting for the
arrival of Captain Alden Weston, and then we will go. Even
if Bentley & Eagert make a try for the treasure we'll have
the start of them, and this will be a case of first come,
first served. Don't worry, Tom. I'm glad you're going, Mn
Damon. Come, I will show you our submarine."

As father and son, with their guest, were going to the
machine shop, Mr. Sharp met them. He had a letter in his
hand.

"Good news!" the balloonist cried. "Captain Weston will be
with us to-morrow. He will arrive at the Beach Hotel in
Atlantis, and wants one of us to meet him there. He has
considerable information about the wreck."

"The Beach Hotel," murmured Tom. "That is where Mr. Berg
is stopping. I hope he doesn't worm any of our secret from
Captain Weston," and it was with a feeling of uneasiness
that the young inventor continued after his father and Mr.
Damon to where the submarine was.




Chapter Nine

Captain Weston's Advent


"Bless my water ballast, but that certainly is a fine boat!"
cried Mr. Damon, when he had been shown over the new craft.
"I think I shall feel even safer in that than in the Red Cloud."

"Oh, don't go back on the airship!" exclaimed Mn Sharp. "I
was counting on taking you on another trip."

"Well, maybe after we get back from under the ocean,"
agreed Mr. Damon. "I particularly like the cabin
arrangements of the Advance. I think I shall enjoy myself."

He would be hard to please who could not take pleasure
from a trip in the submarine. The cabin was particularly
fine, and the sleeping arrangements were good.

More supplies could be carried than was possible on the
airship, and there was more room in which to cook and serve
food. Mr. Damon was fond of good living, and the kitchen
pleased him as much as anything else.

Early the next morning Tom set out for Atlantis, to meet
Captain Weston at the hotel. The young inventor inquired of
the clerk whether the seafaring man had arrived, and was
told that he had come the previous evening.

"Is he in his room?" asked Tom.

"No," answered the clerk with a peculiar grin. "He's an
odd character. Wouldn't go to bed last night until we had
every window in his room open, though it was blowing quite
hard, and likely to storm. The captain said he was used to
plenty of fresh air. Well, I guess he got it, all right."

"Where is he now?" asked the youth, wondering what sort of
an individual he was to meet.

"Oh, he was up before sunrise, so some of the scrubwomen
told me. They met him coming from his room, and he went
right down to the beach with a big telescope he always
carries with him. He hasn't come back yet. Probably he's
down on the sand."

"Hasn't he had breakfast?"

"No. He left word he didn't want to eat until about four
bells, whatever time that is."

"It's ten o'clock," replied Tom, who had been studying up
on sea terms lately. "Eight bells is eight o'clock in the
morning, or four in the afternoon or eight at night,
according to the time of day. Then there's one bell for
every half hour, so four bells this morning would be ten
o'clock in this watch, I suppose."

"Oh, that's the way it goes, eh?" asked the clerk. "I
never could get it through my head. What is twelve o'clock
noon?"

"That's eight bells, too; so is twelve o'clock midnight.
Eight bells is as high as they go on a ship. But I guess
I'll go down and see if I can meet the captain. It will soon
be ten o'clock, or four bells, and he must be hungry for
breakfast. By the way, is that Mr. Berg still here?"

"No; he went away early this morning. He and Captain
Weston seemed to strike up quite an acquaintance, the night
clerk told me. They sat and smoked together until long after
midnight, or eight bells," and the clerk smiled as he
glanced down at the big diamond ring on his little finger.

"They did?" fairly exploded Tom, for he had visions of
what the wily Mr. Berg might worm out of the simple captain.

"Yes. Why, isn't the captain a proper man to make friends
with?" and the clerk looked at Tom curiously.

"Oh, yes, of course," was the hasty answer. "I guess I'll
go and see if I can find him--the captain, I mean."

Tom hardly knew what to think. He wished his father, or
Mr. Sharp, had thought to warn Captain Weston against
talking of the wreck. It might be too late now.

The young inventor hurried to the beach, which was not far
from the hotel. He saw a solitary figure pacing up and down,
and from the fact that the man stopped, every now and then,
and gazed seaward through a large telescope, the lad
concluded it was the captain for whom he was in search. He
approached, his footsteps making no sound on the sand. The
man was still gazing through the glass.

"Captain Weston?" spoke Tom.

Without a show of haste, though the voice must have
startled him, the captain turned. Slowly he lowered the
telescope, and then he replied softly:

"That's my name. Who are you, if I may ask?"

Tom was struck, more than by anything else, by the gentle
voice of the seaman. He had prepared himself, from the
description of Mr. Sharp, to meet a gruff, bewhiskered
individual, with a voice like a crosscut saw, and a rolling
gait. Instead he saw a man of medium size, with a smooth
face, merry blue eyes, and the softest voice and gentlest
manner imaginable. Tom was very much disappointed. He had
looked for a regular sea-dog, and he met a landsman, as he
said afterward. But it was not long before our hero changed
his mind regarding Captain Weston.

"I'm Tom Swift," the owner of that name said, "and I have
been sent to show you the way to where our ship is ready to
launch." The young inventor refrained from mentioning
submarine, as it was the wish of Mn Sharp to disclose this
feature of the voyage to the sailor himself.

"Ha, I thought as much," resumed the captain quietly.
"It's a fine day, if I may be permitted to say so," and he
seemed to hesitate, as if there was some doubt whether or
not he might make that observation.

"It certainly is," agreed the lad. Then, with a smile he
added: "It is nearly eight bells."

"Ha!" exclaimed the captain, also smiling, but even his
manner of saying "Ha!" was less demonstrative than that of
most persons. "I believe I am getting hungry, if I may be
allowed the remark," and again he seemed asking Tom's pardon
for mentioning the fact.

"Perhaps you will come back to the cabin and have a little
breakfast with me," he went on. "I don't know what sort of a
galley or cook they have aboard the Beach Hotel, but it
can't be much worse than some I've tackled."

"No, thank you," answered the youth. "I've had my
breakfast. But I'll wait for you, and then I'd like to get
back. Dad and Mr. Sharp are anxious to meet you."

"And I am anxious to meet them, if you don't mind me
mentioning it," was the reply, as the captain once more put
the spyglass to his eye and took an observation. "Not many
sails in sight this morning," he added. "But the weather is
fine, and we ought to get off in good shape to hunt for the
treasure about which Mr. Sharp wrote me. I believe we are
going after treasure, he said; "that is, if you don't mind
talking about it."

"Not in the least," replied Tom quickly, thinking this a
good opportunity for broaching a subject that was worrying
him. "Did you meet a Mr. Berg here last night, Captain
Weston?" he went on.

"Yes. Mr. Berg and I had quite a talk. He is a well-
informed man."

"Did he mention the sunken treasure?" asked the lad, eager
to find out if his suspicions were true.

"Yes, he did, if you'll excuse me putting it so plainly,"
answered the seaman, as if Tom might be offended at so
direct a reply. But the young inventor was soon to learn
that this was only an odd habit with the seaman.

"Did he want to know where the wreck of the Boldero was
located?" continued the lad. "That is, did he try to
discover if you knew anything about it?"

"Yes," said Mr. Weston, "he did. He pumped me, if you are
acquainted with that term, and are not offended by it. You
see, when I arrived here I made inquiries as to where your
father's place was located. Mr. Berg overheard me, and
introduced himself as agent for a shipbuilding concern. He
was very friendly, and when he said he knew you and your
parent, I thought he was all right."

Tom's heart sank. His worst fears were to be realized, he
thought.

"Yes, he and I talked considerable, if I may be permitted
to say so," went on the captain. "He seemed to know about
the wreck of the Boldero, and that she had three hundred
thousand dollars in gold aboard. The only thing he didn't
know was where the wreck was located. He knew it was off
Uruguay somewhere, but just where he couldn't say. So he
asked me if I knew, since he must have concluded that I was
going with you on the gold-hunting expedition."

"And you do know, don't you?" asked Tom eagerly.

"Well, I have it pretty accurately charted out, if you
will allow me that expression," was the calm answer. "I took
pains to look it up at the request of Mr. Sharp."

"And he wanted to worm that information out of you?"
inquired the youth excitedly.

"Yes, I'm afraid he did."

"Did you give him the location?"

"Well," remarked the captain, as he took another
observation before closing up the telescope, "you see, while
we were talking, I happened to drop a copy of a map I'd
made, showing the location of the wreck. Mr. Berg picked it
up to hand to me, and he looked at it."

"Oh!" cried Tom. "Then he knows just where the treasure
is, and he may get to it ahead of us. It's too bad."

"Yes," continued the seaman calmly, "Mr. Berg picked up
that map, and he looked very closely at the latitude and
longitude I had marked as the location of the wreck."

"Then he won't have any trouble finding it," murmured our
hero.

"Eh? What's that?" asked the captain, "if I may be
permitted to request you to repeat what you said."

"I say he won't have any trouble locating the sunken
Boldero," repeated Tom.

"Oh, but I think he will, if he depends on that map," was
the unexpected reply. "You see," explained Mr. Weston, "I'm
not so simple as I look. I sensed what Mr. Berg was after,
the minute he began to talk to me. So I fixed up a little
game on him. The map which I dropped on purpose, not
accidentally, where he would see it, did have the location
of the wreck marked. Only it didn't happen to be the right
location. It was about five hundred miles out of the way,
and I rather guess if Mr. Berg and his friends go there for
treasure they'll find considerable depth of water and quite
a lonesome spot. Oh, no, I'm not as easy as I look, if you
don't mind me mentioning that fact; and when a scoundrel
sets out to get the best of me, I generally try to turn the
tables on him. I've seen such men as Mr. Berg before. I'm
afraid, I'm very much afraid, the sight he had of the fake
map I made won't do him much good. Well, I declare, it's
past four bells. Let's go to breakfast, if you don't mind me
asking you," and with that the captain started off up the
beach, Tom following, his ideas all a whirl at the unlooked-
for outcome of the interview.




Chapter Ten

Trial of the Submarine


Tom felt such a relief at hearing of Captain Weston's ruse
that his appetite, sharpened by an early breakfast and the
sea air, came to him with a rush, and he had a second
morning meal with the odd sea captain, who chuckled heartily
when he thought of how Mn Berg had been deceived.

"Yes," resumed Captain Weston, over his bacon and eggs, "I
sized him up for a slick article as soon as I laid eyes on
him. But he evidently misjudged me, if I may be permitted
that term. Oh, well, we may meet again, after we secure the
treasure, and then I can show him the real map of the
location of the wreck."

"Then you have it?" inquired the lad eagerly.

Captain Weston nodded, before hiding his face behind a
large cup of coffee; his third, by the way.

"Let me see it?" asked Tom quickly. The captain set down
his cup. He looked carefully about the hotel dining-room.
There were several guests, who, like himself, were having a
late breakfast.

"It's a good plan," the sailor said slowly, "when you're
going into unknown waters, and don't want to leave a wake
for the other fellow to follow, to keep your charts locked
up. If it's all the same to you," he added diffidently, "I'd
rather wait until we get to where your father and Mr. Sharp
are before displaying the real map. I've no objection to
showing you the one Mr. Berg saw," and again he chuckled.

The young inventor blushed at his indiscretion. He felt
that the news of the search for the treasure had leaked out
through him, though he was the one to get on the trail of it
by seeing the article in the paper. Now he had nearly been
guilty of another break. He realized that he must be more
cautious. The captain saw his confusion, and said:

"I know how it is. You're eager to get under way. I don't
blame you. I was the same myself when I was your age. But
we'll soon be at your place, and then I'll tell you all I
know. Sufficient now, to say that I believe I have located
the wreck within a few miles. I got on the track of a sailor
who had met one of the shipwrecked crew of the Boldero, and
he gave me valuable information. Now tell me about the
craft we are going in. A good deal depends on that."

Tom hardly knew what to answer. He recalled what Mr. Sharp
had said about not wanting to tell Captain Weston, until
the last moment, that they were going in a submarine, for
fear the old seaman (for he was old in point of service
though not in years) might not care to risk an under-water
trip. Therefore Tom hesitated. Seeing it, Captain Weston
remarked quietly:

"I mean, what type is your submarine? Does it go by
compressed air, or water power?"

"How do you know it's a submarine?" asked the young
inventor quickly, and in some confusion.

"Easy enough. When Mr. Berg thought he was pumping me, I
was getting a lot of information from him. He told me about
the submarine his firm was building, and, naturally, he
mentioned yours. One thing led to another until I got a
pretty good idea of your craft. What do you call it?"

"The Advance."

"Good name. I like it, if you don't mind speaking of it."

"We were afraid you wouldn't like it," commented Tom.

"What, the name?,'

"No, the idea of going in a submarine."

"Oh," and Captain Weston laughed. "Well, it takes more
than that to frighten me, if you'll excuse the expression.
I've always had a hankering to go under the surface, after
so many years spent on top. Once or twice I came near going
under, whether I wanted to or not, in wrecks, but I think I
prefer your way. Now, if you're all done, and don't mind me
speaking of it, I think we'll start for your place. We must
hustle, for Berg may yet get on our trail, even if he has
got the wrong route," and he laughed again.

It was no small relief to Mn Swift and Mr. Sharp to learn
that Captain Weston had no objections to a submarine, as
they feared he might have. The captain, in his diffident
manner, made friends at once with the treasure-hunters, and
he and Mr. Damon struck up quite an acquaintance. Tom told
of his meeting with the seaman, and the latter related, with
much gusto, the story of how he had fooled Mr. Berg.

"Well, perhaps you'd like to come and take a look at the
craft that is to be our home while we're beneath the water,"
suggested Mr. Swift and the sailor assenting, the aged
inventor, with much pride, assisted by Tom, pointed out on
the Advance the features of interest. Captain Weston gave
hearty approval, making one or two minor suggestions, which
were carried out.

"And so you launch her to-morrow," he concluded, when he
had completed the inspection "Well, I hope it's a success,
if I may be permitted to say so."

There were busy times around the machine shop next day. So
much secrecy had been maintained that none of the residents,
or visitors to the coast resort, were aware that in their
midst was such a wonderful craft as the submarine. The last
touches were put on the under-water ship; the ways, leading
from the shop to the creek, were well greased, and all was
in readiness for the launching. The tide would soon be at
flood, and then the boat would slide down the timbers (at
least, that was the hope of all), and would float in the
element meant to receive her. It was decided that no one
should be aboard when the launching took place, as there was
an element of risk attached, since it was not known just how
buoyant the craft was. It was expected she would float,
until the filled tanks took her to the bottom, but there was
no telling.

"It will be flood tide now in ten minutes," remarked
Captain Weston quietly, looking at his watch. Then he took
an observation through the telescope. "No hostile ships
hanging in the offing," he reported. "All is favorable, if
you don't mind me saying so," and he seemed afraid lest his
remark might give offense.

"Get ready," ordered Mr. Swift. "Tom, see that the ropes
are all clear," for it had been decided to ease the Advance
down into the water by means of strong cables and
windlasses, as the creek was so narrow that the submarine,
if launched in the usual way, would poke her nose into the
opposite mud bank and stick there.

"All clear," reported the young inventor.

"High tide!" exclaimed the captain a moment later,
snapping shut his watch.

"Let go!" ordered Mr. Swift, and the various windlasses
manned by the inventor, Tom and the others began to unwind
their ropes. Slowly the ship slid along the greased ways.
Slowly she approached the water. How anxiously they all
watched her! Nearer and nearer her blunt nose, with the
electric propulsion plate and the auxiliary propeller, came
to the creek, the waters of which were quiet now, awaiting
the turn of the tide.

Now little waves lapped the steel sides. It was the first
contact of the Advance with her native element.

"Pay out the rope faster!" cried Mr. Swift.

The windlasses were turned more quickly Foot by foot the
craft slid along until, with a final rush, the stern left
the ways and the submarine was afloat. Now would come the
test. Would she ride on an even keel, or sink out of sight,
or turn turtle? They all ran to the water's edge, Tom in the
lead.

"Hurrah!" suddenly yelled the lad, trying to stand on his
head. "She floats! She's a success! Come on! Let's get
aboard!"

For, true enough, the Advance was riding like a duck on
the water. She had been proportioned just right, and her
lines were perfect. She rode as majestically as did any ship
destined to sail on the surface, and not intended to do
double duty.

"Come on, we must moor her to the pier," directed Mr.
Sharp. "The tide will turn in a few minutes and take her out
to sea."

He and Tom entered a small boat, and soon the submarine
was tied to a small dock that had been built for the
purpose.

"Now to try the engine," suggested Mr. Swift, who was
almost trembling with eagerness; for the completion of the
ship meant much to him.

"One moment," begged Captain Weston. "If you don't mind,
I'll take an observation," he went on, and he swept the
horizon with his telescope. "All clear," he reported. "I
think we may go aboard and make a trial trip."

Little time was lost in entering the cabin and engine-
room, Garret Jackson accompanying the party to aid with the
machinery. It did not take long to start the motors, dynamos
and the big gasolene engine that was the vital part of the
craft. A little water was admitted to the tanks for ballast,
since the food and other supplies were not yet on board. The
Advance now floated with the deck aft of the conning tower
showing about two feet above the surface of the creek. Mr.
Swift and Tom entered the pilot house.

"Start the engines," ordered the aged inventor, "and we'll
try my new system of positive and negative electrical
propulsion."

There was a hum and whir in the body of the ship beneath
the feet of Tom and his father. Captain Weston stood on the
little deck near the conning tower.

"All ready?" asked the youth through the
speaking tube to Mr. Sharp and Mr. Jackson in
the engine-room.

"All ready," came the answer.

Tom threw over the connecting lever, while his father
grasped the steering wheel. The Advance shot forward, moving
swiftly along, about half submerged.

"She goes! She goes!" cried Tom

"She certainly does, if I may be permitted to say so," was
the calm contribution of Captain Weston. "I congratulate
you."

Faster and faster went the new craft. Mr. Swift headed her
toward the open sea, but stopped just before passing out of
the creek, as he was not yet ready to venture into deep
water.

"I want to test the auxiliary propellers," he said. After
a little longer trial of the electric propulsion plates,
which were found to work satisfactorily, sending the
submarine up and down the creek at a fast rate, the screws,
such as are used on most submarines, were put into gear.
They did well, but were not equal to the plates, nor was so
much expected of them.

"I am perfectly satisfied," announced Mr. Swift as he once
more headed the boat to sea. "I think, Captain Weston, you
had better go below now."

"Why so?"

"Because I am going to completely submerge the craft. Tom,
close the conning tower door. Perhaps you will come in here
with us, Captain Weston, though it will be rather a tight
fit."

"Thank you, I will. I want to see how it feels to be in a
pilot house under water."

Tom closed the water-tight door of the conning tower. Word
was sent through the tube to the engine-room that a more
severe test of the ship was about to be made. The craft was
now outside the line of breakers and in the open sea.

"Is everything ready, Tom?" asked his father in a quiet
voice.

"Everything," replied the lad nervously, for the
anticipation of being about to sink below the surface was
telling on them all, even on the calm, old sea captain.

"Then open the tanks and admit the water," ordered Mr.
Swift.

His son turned a valve and adjusted some levers. There was
a hissing sound, and the Advance began sinking. She was
about to dive beneath the surface of the ocean, and those
aboard her were destined to go through a terrible experience
before she rose again.




Chapter Eleven

On the Ocean Bed


Lower and lower sank the submarine. There was a swirling
and foaming of the water as she went down, caused by the air
bubbles which the craft carried with her in her descent.
Only the top of the conning tower was out of water now, the
ocean having closed over the deck and the rounded back of
the boat. Had any one been watching they would have imagined
that an accident was taking place.

In the pilot house, with its thick glass windows, Tom, his
father and Captain Weston looked over the surface of the
ocean, which every minute was coming nearer and nearer to
them.

"We'll be all under in a few seconds," spoke Tom in a
solemn voice, as he listened to the water hissing into the
tanks.

"Yes, and then we can see what sort of progress we will
make," added Mr. Swift. "Everything is going fine, though,"
he went on cheerfully. "I believe I have a good boat."

"There is no doubt of it in my mind," remarked Captain
Weston, and Tom felt a little disappointed that the sailor
did not shout out some such expression as "Shiver my
timbers!" or "Keel-haul the main braces, there, you lubber!"
But Captain Weston was not that kind of a sailor, though his
usually quiet demeanor could be quickly dropped on
necessity, as Tom learned later.

A few minutes more and the waters closed over the top of
the conning tower. The Advance was completely submerged.
Through the thick glass windows of the pilot house the
occupants looked out into the greenish water that swirled
about them; but it could not enter. Then, as the boat went
lower, the light from above gradually died out, and the
semi-darkness gave place to gloom.

"Turn on the electrics and the searchlight, Tom," directed
his father.

There was the click of a switch, and the conning tower was
flooded with light. But as this had the effect of
preventing the three from peering out into the water, just
as one in a lighted room cannot look out into the night, Tom
shut them off and switched on the great searchlight. This
projected its powerful beams straight ahead and there, under
the ocean, was a pathway of illumination for the treasure-
seekers.

"Fine!" cried Captain Weston, with more enthusiasm than he
had yet manifested. "That's great, if you don't mind me
mentioning it. How deep are we?"

Tom glanced at a gage on the side of the pilot tower.

"Only about sixty feet," he answered.

"Then don't go any deeper!" cried the captain hastily. "I
know these waters around here, and that's about all the
depth you've got. You'll be on the bottom in a minute."

"I intend to get on the bottom after a while," said Mr.
Swift, "but not here. I want to try for a greater distance
under water before I come to rest on the ocean's bed. But I
think we are deep enough for a test. Tom, close the tank
intake pipes and we'll see how the Advance will progress
when fully submerged."

The hissing stopped, and then, wishing to see how the
motors and other machinery would work, the aged inventor and
his son, accompanied by Captain Weston, descended from the
conning tower, by means of an inner stairway, to the
interior of the ship. The submarine could be steered and
managed from below or above. She was now floating about
sixty-five feet below the surface of the bay.

"Well, how do you like it?" asked Tom of Mr. Damon, as he
saw his friend in an easy chair in the living-room or main
cabin of the craft, looking out of one of the plate-glass
windows on the side.

"Bless my spectacles, it's the most wonderful thing I ever
dreamed of!" cried the queer character, as he peered at the
mass of water before him. "To think that I'm away down under
the surface, and yet as dry as a bone. Bless my necktie, but
it's great! What are we going to do now?"

"Go forward," replied the young inventor.

"Perhaps I had better make an observation," suggested
Captain Weston, taking his telescope from under his arm,
where he had carried it since entering the craft, and
opening it. "We may run afoul of something, if you don't
mind me mentioning such a disagreeable subject." Then, as he
thought of the impossibility of using his glass under water,
he closed it.

"I shall have little use for this here, I'm afraid," he
remarked with a smile. "Well, there's some consolation.
We're not likely to meet many ships in this part of the
ocean. Other vessels are fond enough of remaining on the
surface. I fancy we shall have the depths to ourselves,
unless we meet a Government submarine, and they are hardly
able to go as deep as we can. No, I guess we won't run into
anything and I can put this glass away."

"Unless we run into Berg and his crowd," suggested Tom in
a low voice.

"Ha! ha!" laughed Captain Weston, for he did not want Mr.
Swift to worry over the unscrupulous agent. "No, I don't
believe we'll meet them, Tom. I guess Berg is trying to work
out the longitude and latitude I gave him. I wish I could
see his face when he realizes that he's been deceived by
that fake map."

"Well, I hope he doesn't discover it too soon and trail
us," went on the lad. "But they're going to start the
machinery now. I suppose you and I had better take charge of
the steering of the craft. Dad will want to be in the
engine-room."

"All right," replied the captain, and he moved forward
with the lad to a small compartment, shut off from the
living-room, that served as a pilot house when the conning
tower was not used. The same levers, wheels and valves were
there as up above, and the submarine could be managed as
well from there as from the other place.

"Is everything all right?" asked Mn Swift as he went into
the engine-room, where Garret Jackson and Mr. Sharp were
busy with oil cans.

"Everything," replied the balloonist. "Are you going to
start now?"

"Yes, we're deep enough for a speed trial. We'll go out to
sea, however, and try for a lower depth record, as soon as
there's enough water. Start the engine."

A moment later the powerful electric currents were flowing
into the forward and aft plates, and the Advance began to
gather way, forging through the water.

"Straight ahead, out to sea, Tom," called his father to
him.

"Aye, aye, sir," responded the youth.

"Ha! Quite seaman-like, if you don't mind a reference to
it," commented Captain Weston with a smile. "Mind your helm,
boy, for you don't want to poke her nose into a mud bank, or
run up on a shoal."

"Suppose you steer?" suggested the lad. "I'd rather take
lessons for a while."

"All right. Perhaps it will be safer. I know these waters
from the top, though I can't say as much for the bottom.
However, I know where the shoals are."

The powerful searchlight was turned, so as to send its
beams along the path which the submarine was to follow, and
then, as she gathered speed, she shot ahead, gliding through
the waters like a fish.

Mr. Damon divided his time between the forward pilot-room,
the living-apartment, and the place where Mr. Swift, Garret
Jackson and Mr. Sharp were working over the engines. Every
few minutes he would bless some part of himself, his
clothing, or the ship. Finally the old man settled down to
look through the plate-glass windows in the main apartment.

On and on went the submarine. She behaved perfectly, and
was under excellent control. Some times Tom, at the request
of his father, would send her toward the surface by means of
the deflecting rudder. Then she would dive to the bottom
again. Once, as a test, she was sent obliquely to the
surface, her tower just emerging, and then she darted
downward again, like a porpoise that had come up to roll
over, and suddenly concluded to seek the depths. In fact,
had any one seen the maneuver they would have imagined the
craft was a big fish disporting itself.

Captain Weston remained at Tom's side, giving him
instructions, and watching the compass in order to direct
the steering so as to avoid collisions. For an hour or more
the craft was sent almost straight ahead at medium speed.
Then Mr. Swift, joining his son and the captain, remarked:

"How about depth of water here, Captain Weston?"

"You've got more than a mile."

"Good! Then I'm going down to the bottom of the sea! Tom,
fill the tanks still more.

"Aye, aye, sir," answered the lad gaily. "Now for a new
experience!"

"And use the deflecting rudder, also," advised his father.
"That will hasten matters."

Five minutes later there was a slight jar noticeable.

"Bless my soul! What's that?" cried Mr. Damon. "Have we
hit something?"

"Yes," answered Tom with a smile.

"What, for gracious sake?"

"The bottom of the sea. We're on the bed of the ocean."




Chapter Twelve

For a Breath of Air


They could hardly realize it, yet the depth-gage told the
story. It registered a distance below the surface of the
ocean of five thousand seven hundred feet--a little over a
mile. The Advance had actually come to rest on the bottom of
the Atlantic.

"Hurrah!" cried Tom. "Let's get on the diving suits, dad,
and walk about on land under water for a change."

"No," said Mr. Swift soberly. "We will hardly have time
for that now. Besides, the suits are not yet fitted with the
automatic air-tanks, and we can't use them. There are still
some things to do before we start on our treasure cruise.
But I want to see how the plates are standing this
pressure."

The Advance was made with a triple hull, the spaces
between the layers of plates being filled with a secret
material, capable of withstanding enormous pressure, as were
also the plates themselves. Mr. Swift, aided by Mr. Jackson
and Captain Weston, made a thorough examination, and found
that not a drop of water had leaked in, nor was there the
least sign that any of the plates had given way under the
terrific strain.

"She's as tight as a drum, if you will allow me to make
that comparison," remarked Captain Weston modestly. "I
couldn't ask for a dryer ship."

"Well, let's take a look around by means the searchlight
and the observation windows, and then we'll go back,"
suggested Mr. Swift. "It will take about two days to get the
stores and provisions aboard and rig up the diving suits;
then we will start for the sunken treasure.

There were several powerful searchlights on the Advance,
so arranged that the bow, stern or either side could be
illuminated independently. There were also observation
windows near each light.

In turn the powerful rays were cast first at the bow and
then aft. In the gleams could be seen the sandy bed of the
ocean, covered with shells of various kinds. Great crabs
walked around on their long, jointed legs, and Tom saw some
lobsters that would have brought joy to the heart of a
fisherman.

"Look at the big fish!" cried Mr. Damon suddenly, and he
pointed to some dark, shadowy forms that swam up to the
glass windows, evidently puzzled by the light.

"Porpoises," declared Captain Weston briefly. a whole
school of them."

The fish seemed suddenly to multiply, and soon those in
the submarine felt curious tremors running through the whole
craft.

"The fish are rubbing up against it," cried Tom. "They
must think we came down here to allow them to scratch their
backs on the steel plates."

For some time they remained on the bottom, watching the
wonderful sight of the fishes that swam all about them.

"Well, I think we may as well rise," announced Mr. Swift,
after they had been on the bottom about an hour, moving here
and there. "We didn't bring any provisions, and I'm getting
hungry, though I don't know how the others of you feel about
it."

"Bless my dinner-plate, I could eat, too!" cried Mr.
Damon. "Go up, by all means. We'll get enough of under-water
travel once we start for the treasure."

"Send her up, Tom," called his father. "I Want to make a
few notes on some needed changes and improvements."

Tom entered the lower pilot house, and turned the valve
that opened the tanks. He also pulled the lever that started
the pumps, so that the water ballast would be more quickly
emptied, as that would render the submarine buoyant, and she
would quickly shoot to the surface. To the surprise of the
lad, however, there followed no outrushing of the water. The
Advance remained stationary on the ocean bed. Mr. Swift
looked up from his notes.

"Didn't you hear me ask you to send her up, Tom?" he
inquired mildly.

"I did, dad, but something seems to be the matter," was
the reply.

"Matter? What do you mean?" and the aged inventor hastened
to where his son and Captain Weston were at the wheels,
valves and levers.

"Why, the tanks won't empty, and the pumps don't seem to
work."

"Let me try," suggested Mr. Swift, and he pulled the
various handles. There was no corresponding action of the
machinery.

"That's odd," he remarked in a curious voice "Perhaps
something has gone wrong with the connections. Go look in
the engine-room, and ask Mr. Sharp if everything is all
right there."

Tom made a quick trip, returning to report that the
dynamos, motors and gas engine were running perfectly.

"Try to work the tank levers and pumps from the conning
tower," suggested Captain Weston. "Sometimes I've known the
steam steering gear to play tricks like that."

Tom hurried up the circular stairway into the tower. He
pulled the levers and shifted the valves and wheels there.
But there was no emptying of the water tanks. The weight and
pressure of water in them still held the submarine on the
bottom of the sea, more than a mile from the surface. The
pumps in the engine-room were working at top speed, but
there was evidently something wrong in the connections.
Mr. Swift quickly came to this conclusion.

"We must repair it at once," he said. "Tom, come to the
engine-room. You and I, with Mr. Jackson and Mr. Sharp, will
soon have it in shape again."

"Is there any danger?" asked Mr. Damon in a perturbed
voice. "Bless my soul, it's unlucky to have an accident on
our trial trip."

"Oh, we must expect accidents," declared Mr. Swift with a
smile. "This is nothing."

But it proved to be more difficult than he had imagined
to re-establish the connection between the pumps and the
tanks. The valves, too, had clogged or jammed, and as the
pressure outside the ship was so great, the water would not
run out of itself. It must be forced.

For an hour or more the inventor, his son and the others,
worked away. They could accomplish nothing. Tom looked
anxiously at his parent when the latter paused in his
efforts.

"Don't worry," advised the aged inventor. "It's got to
come right sooner or later."

Just then Mr. Damon, who had been wandering about the
ship, entered the engine-room.

"Do you know," he said, "you ought to open a window, or
something."

"Why, what's the matter?" asked Tom quickly, looking to
see if the odd man was joking.

"Well, of course I don't exactly mean a window," explained
Mr. Damon, "but we need fresh air."

"Fresh air!" There was a startled note in Mr. Swift's
voice as he repeated the words.

"Yes, I can hardly breathe in the living-room, and it's
not much better here."

"Why, there ought to be plenty of fresh air," went on the
inventor. "It is renewed automatically."

Tom jumped up and looked at an indicator. He uttered a
startled cry.

"The air hasn't been changed in the last hour!" he
exclaimed. "It is bad. There's not enough oxygen in it. I
notice it, now that I've stopped working. The gage indicates
it, too. The automatic air-changer must have stopped
working. I'll fix it."

He hurried to the machine which was depended on to supply
fresh air to the submarine.

"Why, the air tanks are empty!" the young inventor cried.
"We haven't any more air except what is in the ship now!"

"And we're rapidly breathing that up," added Captain
Weston solemnly.

"Can't you make more?" cried Mr. Damon. "I thought you
said you could make oxygen aboard the ship."

"We can," answered Mr. Swift, "but I did not bring along a
supply of the necessary chemicals. I did not think we would
be submerged long enough for that. But there should have
been enough in the reserve tank to last several days. How
about it, Tom?"

"It's all leaked out, or else it wasn't filled," was the
despairing answer. "All the air we have is what's in the
ship, and we can't make more."

The treasure-seekers looked at each other. It was an awful
situation.

"Then the only thing to do is to fix the machinery and
rise to the surface," said Mr. Sharp simply. "We can have
all the air we want, then."

"Yes, but the machinery doesn't seem possible of being
fixed," spoke Tom in a low voice.

"We must do it!" cried his father.

They set to work again with fierce energy, laboring for
their very lives. They all knew that they could not long
remain in the ship without oxygen. Nor could they desert it
to go to the surface, for the moment they left the
protection of the thick steel sides the terrible pressure of
the water would kill them. Nor were the diving suits
available. They must stay in the craft and die a miserable
death-unless the machinery could be repaired and the Advance
sent to the surface. The emergency expanding lifting tank
was not yet in working order.

More frantically they toiled, trying every device that was
suggested to the mechanical minds of Tom, his father, Mr.
Sharp or Mr. Jackson, to make the pumps work. But something
was wrong. More and more foul grew the air. They were
fairly gasping now. It was  difficult to breathe, to say
nothing of working, in that atmosphere. The thought of their
terrible position was in the minds of all.

"Oh, for one breath of fresh air!" cried Mr. Damon, who
seemed to suffer more than any of the others. Grim death was
hovering around them, imprisoned as they were on the ocean's
bed, over a mile from the surface.




Chapter Thirteen

Off for the Treasure


Suddenly Tom, after a moment's pause, seized a wrench and
began loosening some nuts.

"What are you doing?" asked his father faintly, for he was
being weakened by the vitiated atmosphere.

"I'm going to take this valve apart," replied his son. "We
haven't looked there for the trouble. Maybe it's out of
order."

He attacked the valve with energy, but his hands soon
lagged. The lack of oxygen was telling on him. He could no
longer work quickly.

"I'll help," murmured Mr. Sharp thickly. He took a wrench,
but no sooner had he loosened one nut than he toppled over.
"I'm all in," he murmured feebly.

"Is he dead?" cried Mr. Damon, himself gasping.

"No, only fainted. But he soon will be dead, and so will
all of us, if we don't get fresh air," remarked Captain
Weston. "Lie down on the floor, every one. There is a little
fairly good air there. It's heavier than the air we've
breathed, and we can exist on it for a little longer. Poor
Sharp was so used to breathing the rarified air of high
altitudes that he can't stand this heavy atmosphere."

Mr. Damon was gasping worse than ever, and so was Mr.
Swift. The balloonist lay an inert heap on the floor, with
Captain Weston trying to force a few drops of stimulant down
his throat

With a fierce determination in his heart, but with fingers
that almost refused to do his bidding, Tom once more sought
to open the big valve. He felt sure the trouble was located
there, as they had tried to locate it in every other place
without avail.

"I'll help," said Mr. Jackson in a whisper. He, too, was
hardly able to move.

More and more devoid of oxygen grew the air. It gave Tom a
sense as if his head was filled, and ready to burst with
every breath he drew. Still he struggled to loosen the nuts.
There were but four more now, and he took off three while
Mr. Jackson removed one. The young inventor lifted off the
valve cover, though it felt like a ton weight to him. He
gave a glance inside.

"Here's the trouble!" he murmured. "The valve's clogged.
No wonder it wouldn't work. The pumps couldn't force the
water out."

It was the work of only a minute to adjust the valve. Then
Tom and the engineer managed to get the cover back on.

How they inserted the bolts and screwed the nuts in place
they never could remember clearly afterward, but they
managed it somehow, with shaking, trembling hands and eyes
that grew more and more dim.

"Now start the pumps!" cried Tom faintly. "The tanks will
be emptied, and we can get to the surface."

Mr. Sharp was still unconscious, nor was Mr. Swift able to
help. He lay with his eyes closed. Garret Jackson, however,
managed to crawl to the engine-room, and soon the clank of
machinery told Tom that the pumps were in motion. The lad
staggered to the pilot house and threw the levers over. An
instant later there was the hissing of water as it rushed
from the ballast tanks. The submarine shivered, as though
disliking to leave the bottom of the sea, and then slowly
rose. As the pumps worked more rapidly, and the sea was sent
from the tank in great volumes, the boat fairly shot to the
surface. Tom was ready to open the conning tower and let in
fresh air as soon as the top was above the surface.

With a bound the Advance reached the top. Tom frantically
worked the worm gear that opened the tower. In rushed the
fresh, life-giving air, and the treasure-hunters filled
their lungs with it.

And it was only just in time, for Mr. Sharp was almost
gone. He quickly revived, as did the others, when they could
breathe as much as they wished of the glorious oxygen.

"That was a close call," commented Mr. Swift. "We'll not
go below again until I have provided for all emergencies. I
should have seen to the air tanks and the expanding one
before going below. We'll sail home on the surface now."

The submarine was put about and headed for her dock. On
the way she passed a small steamer, and the passengers
looked down in wonder at the strange craft.

When the Advance reached the secluded creek where she had
been launched, her passengers had fully recovered from their
terrible experience, though the nerves of Mr. Swift and Mr.
Damon were not at ease for some days thereafter.

"I should never have made a submerged test without making
sure that we had a reserve supply of air," remarked the aged
inventor. "I will not be caught that way again. But I can't
understand how the pump valve got out of order."

"Maybe some one tampered with it," suggested Mr. Damon.
"Could Andy Foger, any of the Happy Harry gang, or the rival
gold-seekers have done it?"

"I hardly think so," answered Tom. "The place has been too
carefully guarded since Berg and Andy once sneaked in. I
think it was just an accident, but I have thought of a plan
whereby such accidents can be avoided in the future. It
needs a simple device."

"Better patent it," suggested Mr. Sharp with a smile.

"Maybe I will," replied the young inventor. "But not now.
We haven't time, if we intend to get fitted out for our
trip."

"No; I should say the sooner we started the better,"
remarked Captain Weston. "That is, if you don't mind me
speaking about it," he added gently, and the others smiled,
for his diffident comments were only a matter of habit

The first act of the adventurers, after tying the
submarine at the dock, was to proceed with the loading of
the food and supplies. Tom and Mr. Damon looked to this,
while Mr. Swift and Mr. Sharp made some necessary changes to
the machinery. The next day the young inventor attached his
device to the pump valve, and the loading of the craft was
continued.

All was in readiness for the gold-seeking expedition a
week later. Captain Weston had carefully charted the route
they were to follow, and it was decided to move along on the
surface for the first day, so as to get well out to sea
before submerging the craft. Then it would sink below the
surface, and run along under the water until the wreck was
reached, rising at times, as needed, to renew the air
supply.

With sufficient stores and provisions aboard to last
several months, if necessary, though they did not expect to
be gone more than sixty days at most, the adventurers arose
early one morning and went down to the dock. Mr. Jackson was
not to accompany them. He did not care about a submarine
trip, he said, and Mr. Swift desired him to remain at the
seaside cottage and guard the shops, which contained much
valuable machinery. The airship was also left there.

"Well, are we all ready?" asked Mr. Swift of the little
party of gold-seekers, as they were about to enter the
conning tower hatchway of the submarine.

"All ready, dad," responded his son.

"Then let's get aboard," proposed Captain Weston. "But
first let me take an observation."

He swept the horizon with his telescope, and Tom noticed
that the sailor kept it fixed on one particular spot for
some time.

"Did you see anything?" asked the lad.

"Well, there is a boat lying off there," was the answer.
"And some one is observing us through a glass. But I don't
believe it matters. Probably they're only trying to see what
sort of an odd fish we are."

"All aboard, then," ordered Mr. Swift, and they went into
the submarine. Tom and his father, with Captain Weston,
remained in the conning tower. The signal was given, the
electricity flowed into the forward and aft plates, and the
Advance shot ahead on the surface.

The sailor raised his telescope once more and peered
through a window in the tower. He uttered an exclamation.

"What's the matter?" asked Tom.

"That other ship--a small steamer--is weighing anchor and
seems to be heading this way," was the reply.

"Maybe it's some one hired by Berg to follow us and trace
our movements," suggested Tom.

"If it is we'll fool them," added his father. "Just keep
an eye on them, captain, and I think we can show them a
trick or two in a few minutes."

Faster shot the Advance through the water. She had started
on her way to get the gold from the sunken wreck, but
already enemies were on the trail of the adventurers, for
the ship the sailor had noticed was steaming after them.




Chapter Fourteen

In the Diving Suits


There was no doubt that the steamer was coming after the
submarine. Several observations Captain Weston made
confirmed this, and he reported the fact to Mr. Swift.

"Well, we'll change our plans, then," said the inventor.
"Instead of sailing on the surface we'll go below. But first
let them get near so they may have the benefit of seeing
what we do. Tom, go below, please, and tell Mr. Sharp to get
every thing in readiness for a quick descent. We'll slow up
a bit now, and let them get nearer to us."

The speed of the submarine was reduced, and in a short
time the strange steamer had overhauled her, coming to
within hailing distance.

Mr. Swift signaled for the machinery to stop and the
submarine came to a halt on the surface, bobbing about like
a half-submerged bottle. The inventor opened a bull's-eye in
the tower, and called to a man on the bridge of the steamer:

"What are you following us for?"

"Following you?" repeated the man, for the strange vessel
had also come to a stop. "We're not following you."

"It looks like it," replied Mr. Swift. "You'd better give
it up."

"I guess the waters are free," was the quick retort.
"We'll follow you if we like."

"Will you? Then come on!" cried the inventor as he quickly
closed the heavy glass window and pulled a lever. An instant
later the submarine began to sink, and Mr. Swift could not
help laughing as, just before the tower went under water, he
had a glimpse of the astonished face of the man on the
bridge. The latter had evidently not expected such a move as
that.

Lower and lower in the water went the craft, until it was
about two hundred feet below the surface. Then Mr. Swift
left the conning tower, descended to the main part of the
ship, and asked Tom and Captain Weston to take charge of the
pilot house.

"Send her ahead, Tom," his father said. "That fellow up
above is rubbing his eyes yet, wondering where we are, I
suppose."

Forward shot the Advance under water, the powerful
electrical plates pulling and pushing her on the way to
secure the sunken gold.

All that morning a fairly moderate rate of speed was
maintained, as it was thought best not to run the new
machinery too fast.

Dinner was eaten about a quarter of a mile below the
surface, but no one inside the submarine would ever have
known it. Electric lights made the place as brilliant as
could be desired, and the food, which Tom and Mr. Damon
prepared, was equal to any that could have been served on
land. After the meal they opened the shutters over the
windows in the sides of the craft, and looked at the myriads
of fishes swimming past, as the creatures were disclosed in
the glare of the searchlight.

That night they were several hundred miles on their
journey, for the craft was speedy, and leaving Tom and
Captain Weston to take the first watch, the others went to
bed.

"Bless my soul, but it does seem odd, though, to go to bed
under water, like a fish," remarked Mr. Damon. "If my wife
knew this she would worry to death. She thinks I'm off
automobiling. But this isn't half as dangerous as riding in
a car that's always getting out of order. A submarine for
mine, every time."

"Wait until we get to the end of this trip," advised Tom.
"I guess you'll find almost as many things can happen in a
submarine as can in an auto," and future events were to
prove the young inventor to be right.

Everything worked well that night, and the ship made good
progress. They rose to the surface the next morning to make
sure of their position, and to get fresh air, though they
did not really need the latter, as the reserve supply had
not been drawn on, and was sufficient for several days, now
that the oxygen machine had been put in running order.

On the second day the ship was sent to the bottom and
halted there, as Mr. Swift wished to try the new diving
suits. These were made of a new, light, but very strong
metal to withstand the pressure of a great depth.

Tom, Mr. Sharp and Captain Weston donned the suits, the
others agreeing to wait until they saw how the first trial
resulted. Then, too, it was necessary for some one
acquainted with the machinery to remain in the ship to
operate the door and water chamber through which the divers
had to pass to get out.

The usual plan, with some changes, was followed in letting
the three out of the boat, and on to the bottom of the sea.
They entered a chamber in the side of the submarine, water
was gradually admitted until it equaled in pressure that
outside, then an outer door was opened by means of levers,
and they could step out

It was a curious sensation to Tom and the others to feel
that they were actually walking along the bed of the ocean.
All around them was the water, and as they turned on the
small electric lights in their helmets, which lights were
fed by storage batteries fastened to the diving suits, they
saw the fish, big and little, swarm up to them, doubtless
astonished at the odd creatures which had entered their
domain. On the sand of the bottom, and in and out among the
shells and rocks, crawled great spider crabs, big eels and
other odd creatures seldom seen on the surface of the water.
The three divers found no difficulty in breathing, as there
were air tanks fastened to their shoulders, and a constant
supply of oxygen was fed through pipes into the helmets. The
pressure of water did not bother them, and after the first
sensation Tom began to enjoy the novelty of it. At first the
inability to speak to his companions seemed odd, but he
soon got so he could make signs and motions, and be
understood.

They walked about for some time, and once the lad came
upon a part of a wrecked vessel buried deep in the sand.
There was no telling what ship it was, nor how long it had
been there, and after silently viewing it. they continued on

"It was great!" were the first words Tom uttered when he
and the others were once more inside the submarine and had
removed the suits. "If we can only walk around the wreck of
the Boldero that way, we'll have all the gold out of her in
no time. There are no life-lines nor air-hose to bother with
in these diving suits."

"They certainly are a success," conceded Mr. Sharp.

"Bless my topknot!" cried Mr. Damon. "I'll try it next
time. I've always wanted to be a diver, and now I have the
chance."

The trip was resumed after the diving chamber had been
closed, and on the third day Captain Weston announced, after
a look at his chart, that they were nearing the Bahama
Islands.

"We'll have to be careful not to run into any of the small
keys," he said, that being the name for the many little
points of land, hardly large enough to be dignified by the
name of island. "We must keep a constant lookout."

Fortune favored them, though once, when Tom was steering,
he narrowly avoided ramming a coral reef with the submarine.
The searchlight showed it to him just in time, and he
sheered off with a thumping in his heart.

The course was changed from south to east, so as to get
ready to swing out of the way of the big shoulder of South
America where Brazil takes up so much room, and as they went
farther and farther toward the equator, they noticed that
the waters teemed more and more with fish, some beautiful,
some ugly and fear-inspiring, and some such monsters that it
made one shudder to look at them, even through the thick
glass of the bulls-eye windows.




Chapter Fifteen

At the Tropical Island


It was on the evening of the fourth day later that Captain
Weston, who was steering the craft, suddenly called out:

"Land ho!"

"Where away?" inquired Tom quickly, for he had read that
this was the proper response to make.

"Dead ahead," answered the sailor with a smile. "Shall we
make for it, if I may be allowed the question?"

"What land is it likely to be?" Mr. Swift wanted to know.

"Oh, some small tropical island," replied the seafaring
man. "It isn't down on the charts. Probably it's too small
to note. I should say it was a coral island, but we may be
able to find a Spring of fresh water there, and some fruit."

"Then we'll land there," decided the inventor. "We can use
some fresh water, though our distilling and ice apparatus
does very well."

They made the island just at dusk, and anchored in a
little lagoon, where there was a good depth of water.

"Now for shore!" cried Tom, as the submarine swung around
on the chain. "It looks like a fine place. I hope there are
cocoanuts and oranges here. Shall I get out the electric
launch, dad?"

"Yes, you may, and we'll all go ashore. It will do us good
to stretch our legs a bit."

Carried in a sort of pocket on the deck of the submarine
was a small electric boat, capable of holding six. It could
be slid from the pocket, or depression, into the water
without the use of davits, and, with Mr. Sharp to aid him,
Tom soon had the little craft afloat. The batteries were
already charged, and just as the sun was going down the
gold-seekers entered the launch and were soon on shore.

They found a good spring of water close at hand, and Tom's
wish regarding the cocoanuts was realized, though there were
no oranges. The lad took several of the delicious nuts, and
breaking them open poured the milk into a collapsible cup he
carried, drinking it eagerly. The others followed his
example, and pronounced it the best beverage they had tasted
in a long time.

The island was a typical tropical one, not very large, and
it did not appear to have been often visited by man. There
were no animals to be seen, but myriads of birds flew here
and there amid the trees, the trailing vines and streamers
of moss.

"Let's spend a day here to-morrow and explore it,"
proposed Tom, and his father nodded an assent. They went
back to the submarine as night was beginning to gather, and
in the cabin, after supper, talked over the happenings of
their trip so far.

"Do you think we'll have any trouble getting
the gold out of the wrecked vessel?" asked Tom of Captain
Weston, after a pause.

"Well, it's hard to say. I couldn't learn just how the
wreck lays, whether it's on a sandy or a rocky bottom. If
the latter, it won't be so hard, but if the sand has worked
in and partly covered it, we'll have some difficulties, if I
may be permitted to say so. However, don't borrow trouble.
We're not there yet, though at the rate we're traveling it
won't be long before we arrive."

No watch was set that night, as it was not considered
necessary. Tom was the first to arise in the morning, and he
went out on the deck for a breath of fresh air before
breakfast.

He looked off at the beautiful little island, and as his
eye took in all of the little lagoon where the submarine was
anchored he uttered a startled cry.

And well he might, for, not a hundred yards away, and
nearer to the island than was the Advance, floated another
craft--another craft, almost similar in shape and size to
the one built by the Swifts. Tom rubbed his eyes to make
sure he was not seeing double. No, there could be no mistake
about it. There was another submarine at the tropical
island.

As he looked, some one emerged from the conning tower of
the second craft. The figure seemed strangely familiar. Tom
knew in a moment who it was--Addison Berg. The agent saw the
lad, too, and taking off his cap and making a mocking bow,
he called out:

"Good morning! Have you got the gold yet?"

Tom did not know what to answer. Seeing the other
submarine, at an island where he had supposed they would not
be disturbed, was disconcerting enough, but to be greeted by
Berg was altogether too much, Tom thought. His fears that
the rival boat builders would follow had not been without
foundation.

"Rather surprised to see us, aren't you?" went on Mr.
Berg, smiling.

"Rather," admitted Tom, choking over the word.

"Thought you'd be," continued Berg. "We didn't expect to
meet you so soon, but we're glad we did. I don't altogether
like hunting for sunken treasure, with such indefinite
directions as I have."

"You--are going to--" stammered Tom, and then he concluded
it would be best not to say anything. But his talk had been
heard inside the submarine. His father came to the foot of
the conning tower stairway.

"To whom are you speaking, Tom?" he asked.

"They're here, dad," was the youth's answer.

"Here? Who are here?"

"Berg and his employers. They've followed us, dad."




Chapter Sixteen

"We'll Race You For It"


Mr. Swift hurried up on deck. He was accompanied by
Captain Weston. At the sight of Tom's father, Mr. Berg, who
had been joined by' two other men, called out:

"You see we also concluded to give up the trial for the
Government prize, Mr. Swift. We decided there was more money
in something else. But we still will have a good chance to
try the merits of our respective boats. We hurried and got
ours fitted up almost as soon as you did yours, and I think
we have the better craft."

"I don't care to enter into any competition with you,"
said Mr. Swift coldly.

"Ah, but I'm afraid you'll have to, whether you want to or
not," was the insolent reply.

"What's that?  Do you mean to force this matter upon me?"

"I'm afraid I'll have to--my employers and I, that is. You
see, we managed to pick up your trail after you left the
Jersey coast, having an idea where you were bound, and we
don't intend to lose you now."

"Do you mean to follow us?" asked Captain Weston softly.

"Well, you can put it that way if you like," answered one
of the two men with Mr. Berg.

"I forbid it!" cried Mr. Swift hotly. "You have no right
to sneak after us."

"I guess the ocean is free," continued the rascally agent.

"Why do you persist in keeping after us?" inquired the
aged inventor, thinking it well to ascertain, if possible,
just how much the men knew.

"Because we're after that treasure as well as you," was
the bold reply. "You have no exclusive right to it. The
sunken ship is awaiting the first comer, and whoever gets
there first can take the gold from the wreck. We intend to
be there first, but we'll be fair with you."

"Fair? What do you mean?" demanded Tom.

"This: We'll race you for it. The first one to arrive will
have the right to search the wreck for the gold bullion. Is
that fair? Do you agree to it?"

"We agree to nothing with you," interrupted Captain
Weston, his usual diffident manner all gone. "I happen to be
in partial command of this craft, and I warn you that if I
find you interfering with us it won't be healthy for you.
I'm not fond of fighting, but when I begin I don't like to
stop," and he smiled grimly. "You'd better not follow us."

"We'll do as we please," shouted the third member of the
trio on the deck of the other boat, which, as Tom could see,
was named the Wonder. "We intend to get that gold if we
can,"

"All right. I've warned you," went on the sailor, and
then, motioning to Tom and his father to follow, he went
below.

"Well, what's to be done?" asked Mr. Swift when they were
seated in the living-room, and had informed the others of
the presence of the rival submarine.

"The only thing I see to do is to sneak away unobserved,
go as deep as possible, and make all haste for the wreck,"
advised the captain. "They will depend on us, for they have
evidently no chart of the wreck, though of course the
general location of it may be known to them from reading the
papers. I hoped I had thrown them off the track by the false
chart I dropped, but it seems they were too smart for us."

"Have they a right to follow us?" asked Tom.

"Legally, but not morally. We can't prevent them, I'm
afraid. The only thing to do is to get there ahead of them.
It will be a race for the sunken treasure, and we must get
there first."

"What do you propose doing, captain?" asked Mr. Damon.
"Bless my shirt-studs, but can't we pull their ship up on
the island and leave it there?"

"I'm afraid such high-handed proceedings would hardly
answer," replied Mr. Swift. "No, as Captain Weston says, we
must get there ahead of them. What do you think will be the
best scheme, captain?"

"Well, there's no need for us to forego our plan to get
fresh water. Suppose we go to the island, that is, some of
us, leaving a guard on board here. We'll fill our tanks with
fresh water, and at night we'll quietly sink below the
surface and speed away."

They all voted that an excellent idea, and little time was
lost putting it into operation.

All the remainder of that day not a sign of life was
visible about the Wonder. She lay inert on the surface of
the lagoon, not far away from the Advance; but, though no
one showed himself on the deck, Tom and his friends had no
doubt but that their enemies were closely watching them.

As dusk settled down over The tropical sea, and as the
shadows of the trees on the little island lengthened, those
on board the Advance closed the Conning tower. No lights
were turned on, as they did not want their movements to be
seen, but Tom, his father and Mr. Sharp took their positions
near the various machines and apparatus, ready to open the
tanks and let the submarine sink to the bottom, as soon as
it was possible to do this unobserved.

"Luckily there's no moon," remarked Captain Weston, as he
took his place beside Tom. "Once below the surface and we
can defy them to find us. It is odd how they traced us, but
I suppose that steamer gave them the clue."

It rapidly grew dark, as it always does in the tropics,
and when a cautious observation from the conning tower did
not disclose the outlines of the other boat, those aboard
the Advance rightly concluded that their rivals were unable
to see them.

"Send her down, Tom," called his father, and with a hiss
the water entered the tanks. The submarine quickly sank
below the surface, aided by the deflecting rudder.

But alas for the hopes of the gold-seekers. No sooner was
she completely submerged, with the engine started so as to
send her out of the lagoon and to the open sea, than the
waters all about were made brilliant by the phosphorescent
phenomenon. In southern waters this frequently occurs.
Millions of tiny creatures, which, it is said, swarm in the
warm currents, give an appearance of fire to the ocean, and
any object moving through it can plainly be seen. It was so
with the Advance. The motion she made in shooting forward,
and the undulations caused by her submersion, seemed to
start into activity the dormant phosphorus, and the
submarine was afloat in a sea of fire.

"Quick!" cried Tom. "Speed her up! Maybe we can get out of
this patch of water before they see us."

But it was too late. Above them they could hear the
electric siren of the Wonder as it was blown to let them
know that their escape had been noticed. A moment later the
water, which acted as a sort of sounding-board, or
telephone, brought to the ears of Tom Swift and his friends
the noise of the engines of the other craft in operation.
She was coming after them. The race for the possession of
three hundred thousand dollars in gold was already under
way. Fate seemed against those on board the Advance.




Chapter Seventeen

The Race


Directed by Captain Weston, who glanced at the compass and
told him which way to steer to clear the outer coral reef,
Tom sent the submarine ahead, signaling for full speed to
the engine-room, where his father and Mr. Sharp were. The
big dynamos purred like great cats, as they sent the
electrical energy into the forward and aft plates, pulling
and pushing the Advance forward. On and on she rushed under
water, but ever as she shot ahead the disturbance in the
phosphorescent water showed her position plainly. She would
be easy to follow.

"Can't you get any more speed out of her?" asked the
captain of the lad.

"Yes," was the quick reply; "by using the auxiliary screws
I think we can. I'll try it."

He signaled for the propellers, forward and aft, to be put
in operation, and the motor moving the twin screws was
turned on. At once there was a perceptible increase to the
speed of the Advance.

"Are we leaving them behind?" asked Tom anxiously, as he
glanced at the speed gage, and noted that the submarine was
now about five hundred feet below the surface.

"Hard to tell," replied the Captain. "You'd have to take
an observation to make sure."

"I'll do it," cried the youth. "You steer, please, and
I'll go in the conning tower. I can look forward and aft
there, as well as straight up. Maybe I can see the Wonder."

Springing up the circular ladder leading into the tower,
Tom glanced through the windows all about the small pilot
house. He saw a curious sight. It was as if the submarine
was in a sea of yellowish liquid fire. She was immersed in
water which glowed with the flames that contained no heat.
So light was it, in fact, that there was no need of the
incandescents in the tower. The young inventor could have
seen to read a paper by the illumination of the phosphorus.
But he had something else to do than observe this
phenomenon. He wanted to see if he could catch sight of the
rival submarine.

At first he could make out nothing save the swirl and
boiling of the sea, caused by the progress of the Advance
through it. But suddenly, as he looked up, he was aware of
some great, black body a little to the rear and about ten
feet above his craft.

"A shark!" he exclaimed aloud. "An immense one, too."

But the closer he looked the less it seemed like a shark.
The position of the black object changed. It appeared to
settle down, to be approaching the top of the conning tower.
Then, with a suddenness that unnerved him for the time
being, Tom recognized what it was; it was the underside of a
ship. He could see the plates riveted together, and then, as
be noted the rounded, cylindrical shape, he knew that it was
a submarine. It was the Wonder. She was close at hand and
was creeping up on the Advance. But, what was more
dangerous, she seemed to be slowly settling in the water.
Another moment and her great screws might crash into the
Conning tower of the Swifts' boat and shave it off. Then the
water would rush in, drowning the treasure-seekers like rats
in a trap.

With a quick motion Tom yanked over the lever that allowed
more water to flow into the ballast tanks. The effect was at
once apparent. The Advance shot down toward the bottom of
the sea. At the same time the young inventor signaled to
Captain Weston to notify those in the engine-room to put on
a little more speed. The Advance fairly leaped ahead, and
the lad, looking up through the bull's-eye in the roof of
the conning tower, had the satisfaction of seeing the rival
submarine left behind.

The youth hurried down into the interior of the ship to
tell what he had seen, and explain the reason for opening
the ballast tanks. He found his father and Mr. Sharp
somewhat excited over the unexpected maneuver of the craft.

"So they're still following us," murmured Mr. Swift. "I
don't see why we can't shake them off."

"It's on account of this luminous water," explained
Captain Weston. "Once we are clear of that it will be easy,
I think, to give them the slip. That is, if we can get out
of their sight long enough. Of course, if they keep close
after us, they can pick us up with their searchlight, for I
suppose they carry one."

"Yes," admitted the aged inventor, "they have as strong a
one as we have. In fact, their ship is second only to this
one in speed and power. I know, for Bentley & Eagert showed
me some of the plans before they started it, and asked my
opinion. This was before I had the notion of building a
submarine. Yes, I am afraid we'll have trouble getting away
from them."

"I can't understand this phosphorescent glow keeping up so
long," remarked Captain Weston. "I've seen it in this
locality several times, but it never covered such an extent
of the ocean in my time.  There must be changed conditions
here now."

For an hour or more the race was kept up, and the two
submarines forged ahead through the glowing sea. The Wonder
remained slightly above and to the rear of the other, the
better to keep sight of her, and though the Advance was run
to her limit of speed, her rival could not be shaken off.
Clearly the Wonder was a speedy craft.

"It's too bad that we've got to fight them, as well as run
the risk of lots of other troubles which are always present
when sailing under water," observed Mn Damon, who wandered
about the submarine like the nervous person he was. "Bless
my shirt-studs! Can't we blow them up, or cripple them in
some way? They have no right to go after our treasure."

"Well, I guess they've got as much right as we have,"
declared Tom. "It goes to whoever reaches the wreck first.
But what I don't like is their mean, sneaking way of doing
it. If they went off on their own hook and looked for it I
wouldn't say a word. But they expect us to lead them to the
wreck, and then they'll rob us if they can. That's not
fair."

"Indeed, it isn't," agreed Captain Weston, "if I may be
allowed the expression. We ought to find some way of
stopping them. But, if I'm not mistaken," he added quickly,
looking from one of the port bull's-eyes, "the
phosphorescent glow is lessening. I believe we are running
beyond that part of the ocean."

There was no doubt of it, the glow was growing less and
less, and ten minutes later the Advance was speeding along
through a sea as black as night. Then, to avoid running into
some wreck, it was necessary to turn on the searchlight.

"Are they still after us?" asked Mr. Swift of his son, as
he emerged from the engine-room, where he had gone to make
some adjustments to the machinery, with the hope of
increasing the speed.

"I'll go look," volunteered the lad. He climbed up into
the conning tower again, and for a moment, as he gazed back
into the black waters swirling all about, he hoped that they
had lost the Wonder. But a moment later his heart sank as he
caught sight, through the liquid element, of the flickering
gleams of another searchlight, the rays undulating through
the sea.

"Still following," murmured the young inventor. "They're
not going to give up. But we must make 'em--that's all."

He went down to report what he had seen, and a
consultation was held. Captain Weston carefully studied the
charts of that part of the ocean, and finding that there was
a great depth of water at hand, proposed a series of
evolutions.

"We can go up and down, shoot first to one side and then
to the other," he explained. "We can even drop down to the
bottom and rest there for a while. Perhaps, in that way, we
can shake them off."

They tried it. The Advance was sent up until her conning
tower was out of the water, and then she was suddenly forced
down until she was but a few feet from the bottom. She
darted to the left, to the right, and even doubled and went
back over the course she had taken. But all to no purpose.
The Wonder proved fully as speedy, and those in her seemed
to know just how to handle the submarine, so that every
evolution of the Advance was duplicated. Her rival could not
be shaken off.

All night this was kept up, and when morning came, though
only the clocks told it, for eternal night was below the
surface, the rival gold-seekers were still on the trail.

"They won't give up," declared Mr. Swift hopelessly.

"No, we've got to race them for it, just as Berg
proposed," admitted Tom. "But if they want a straightaway
race we'll give it to 'em Let's run her to the limit, dad."

"That's what we've been doing, Tom."

"No, not exactly, for we've been submerged a little too
much to get the best speed out of our craft. Let's go a
little nearer the surface, and give them the best race
they'll ever have."

Then the race began; and such a contest of speed as it
was! With her propellers working to the limit, and every
volt of electricity that was available forced into the
forward and aft plates, the Advance surged through the
water, about ten feet below the surface. But the Wonder kept
after her, giving her knot for knot. The course of the
leading submarine was easy to trace now, in the morning
light which penetrated ten feet down.

"No use," remarked Tom again, when, after two hours, the
Wonder was still close behind them. "Our only chance is that
they may have a breakdown."

"Or run out of air, or something like that," added Captain
Weston. "They are crowding us pretty close. I had no idea
they could keep up this speed. If they don't look out," he
went on as he looked from one of the aft observation
windows, "they'll foul us, and--"

His remarks were interrupted by a jar to the Advance. She
seemed to shiver and careened to one side. Then came another
bump.

"Slow down!" cried the captain, rushing toward the pilot
house.

"What's the matter?" asked Tom, as he threw the engines
and electrical machines out of gear. Have we hit anything?"

"No. Something has hit us," cried the captain. "Their
submarine has rammed us."

"Rammed us!" repeated Mr. Swift. "Tom, run out the
electric cannon! They're trying to sink us! We'll have to
fight them. Run out the stern electric gnu and we'll make
them wish they'd not followed us.




Chapter Eighteen

The Electric Gun


There was much  excitement aboard the Advance. The
submarine came to a stop in the water, while the treasure-
seekers waited anxiously for what was to follow. Would they
be rammed again? This time, stationary as they were, and
with the other boat coming swiftly on, a hole might be stove
through the Advance, in spite of her powerful sides.

They had not long to wait. Again there came a jar, and
once more the Swifts' boat careened. But the blow was a
glancing one and, fortunately, did little damage.

"They certainly must be trying to sink us," agreed Captain
Weston. "Come, Tom, we'll take a look from the stern and see
what they're up to."

"And get the stern electric gun ready to fire," repeated
Mr. Swift. "We must protect ourselves. Mr. Sharp and I will
go to the bow. There is no telling what they may do. They're
desperate, and may ram us from in front"

Tom and the captain hurried aft. Through the thick plate-
glass windows they could see the blunt nose of the Wonder
not far away, the rival submarine having come to a halt.
There she lay, black and silent, like some monster fish
waiting to devour its victim.

"There doesn't appear to be much damage done back here,"
observed Tom. "No leaks. Guess they didn't puncture us."

"Perhaps it was due to an accident that they rammed us,"
suggested the captain.

"Well, they wouldn't have done it if they hadn't followed
us so close," was the opinion of the young inventor.
"They're taking too many chances. We've got to stop 'em."

"What is this electric gun your father speaks of?"

"Why, it's a regular electric cannon. It fires a solid
ball, weighing about twenty-five pounds, but instead of
powder, which would hardly do under water, and instead of
compressed air, which is used in the torpedo tubes of the
Government submarines, we use a current of electricity. It
forces the cannon ball out with great energy."

"I wonder what they will do next?" observed the captain,
peering through a bull'seye.

"We can soon tell," replied the youth. "We'll go ahead,
and if they try to follow I'm going to fire on them."

"Suppose you sink them?"

"I won't fire to do that; only to disable them. They
brought it on themselves. We can't risk having them damage
us. Help me with the cannon, will you please, captain?"

The electric cannon was a long, steel tube in the after
part of the submarine. It projected a slight distance from
the sides of the ship, and by an ingenious arrangement could
he swung around in a ball and socket joint, thus enabling it
to shoot in almost any direction.

It was the work of but a few minutes to get it ready and,
with the muzzle pointing toward the Wonder, Tom adjusted the
electric wires and inserted the solid shot.

"Now we're prepared for them!" he cried. "I think a good
plan will be to start ahead, and if they try to follow to
fire on them. They've brought it on themselves."

"Correct," spoke Captain Weston.

Tom hurried forward to tell his father of this plan.

"We'll do it!" cried Mr. Swift. "Go ahead, Mr. Sharp, and
we'll see if those scoundrels will follow."

The young inventor returned on the run to the electric
cannon. There was a whir of machinery, and the Advance
moved forward. She increased her speed, and the two watchers
in the stern looked anxiously out of the windows to see what
their rivals would do.

For a moment no movement was noticeable on the part of the
Wonder. Then, as those aboard her appeared to realize that
the craft on which they depended to pilot them to the sunken
treasure was slipping away, word was given to follow. The
ship of Berg and his employers shot after the Advance.

"Here they come!" cried Captain Weston. "They're going to
ram us again!"

"Then I'm going to fire on them!" declared Tom savagely.

On came the Wonder, nearer and nearer. Her speed was
rapidly increasing. Suddenly she bumped the Advance, and
then, as if it was an unavoidable accident, the rear
submarine sheered off to one side.

"They're certainly at it again!" cried Tom, and peering
from the bull's-eye he saw the Wonder shoot past the mouth
of the electric cannon. "Here it goes!" he added.

He shoved over the lever, making the proper connection.
There was no corresponding report, for the cannon was
noiseless, but there was a slight jar as the projectile left
the muzzle. The Wonder could be seen to heel over.

"You hit her! You hit her!" cried Captain Weston. "A good
shot!"

"I was afraid she was past me when I pulled the lever,"
explained Tom. "She went like a flash."

"No, you caught her on the rudder," declared the captain.
"I think you've put her out of business. Yes, they're rising
to the surface."

The lad rapidly inserted another ball, and recharged the
cannon. Then he peered out into the water, illuminated by
the light of day overhead, as they were not far down. He
could see the Wonder rising to the surface. Clearly
something had happened.

"Maybe they're going to drop down on us from above, and
try to sink us," suggested the youth, while he stood ready
to fire again. "If they do--"

His words were interrupted by a slight jar throughout the
submarine.

"What was that?" cried the captain.

"Dad fired the bow gun at them, but I don't believe he hit
them," answered the young inventor.

"I wonder what damage I did? Guess we'll go to the surface
to find out."

Clearly the Wonder had given up the fight for the time
being. In fact, she had no weapon with which to respond to a
fusillade from her rival. Tom hastened forward and informed
his father of what had happened.

"If her steering gear is out of order, we may have a
chance to slip away," said Mr. Swift "We'll go up and see
what we can learn."

A few minutes later Tom, his father and Captain Weston
stepped from the conning tower, which was out of water, on
to the little flat deck a short distance away lay the
Wonder, and on her deck was Berg and a number of men,
evidently members of the crew.

"Why did you fire on us?" shouted the agent angrily.

"Why did you follow us?" retorted Torn.

"Well, you've broken our rudder and disabled us," went on
Berg, not answering the question. "You'll suffer for this!
I'll have you arrested."

"You only got what you deserved," added Mr. Swift. "You
were acting illegally, following us, and you tried to sink
us by ramming my craft before we retaliated by firing on
you."

"It was an accident, ramming you," said Berg. "We couldn't
help it. I now demand that you help us make repairs."

"Well, you've got nerve!" cried Captain Weston, his eyes
flashing. "I'd like to have a personal interview with you
for about ten minutes. Maybe something besides your ship
would need repairs then."

Berg turned away, scowling, but did not reply. He began
directing the crew what to do about the broken rudder.

"Come on," proposed Tom in a low voice, for sounds carry
very easily over water. "Let's go below and skip out while
we have a chance. They can't follow now, and we can get to
the sunken treasure ahead of them."

"Good advice," commented his father. "Come, Captain
Weston, we'll go below and close the conning tower."

Five minutes later the Advance sank from sight, the last
glimpse Tom had of Berg and his men being a sight of them
standing on the deck of their floating boat, gazing in the
direction of their successful rival. The Wonder was left
behind, while Tom and his friends were soon once more
speeding toward the treasure wreck.




Chapter Nineteen

Captured


"Down deep," advised Captain Weston, as he stood beside
Tom and Mr. Swift in the pilot house. "As far as you can
manage her, and then forward. We'll take no more chances
with these fellows."

"The only trouble is," replied the young inventor, "that
the deeper we go the slower we have to travel. The water is
so dense that it holds us back."

"Well, there is no special need of hurrying now," went on
the sailor. "No one is following you, and two or three days
difference in reaching the wreck will not amount to
anything."

"Unless they repair their rudder, and take after us
again," suggested Mr. Swift.

"They're not very likely to do that," was the captain's
opinion. "It was more by luck than good management that they
picked us up before. Now, having to delay, as they will, to
repair their steering gear, while we can go as deep as we
please and speed ahead, it is practically impossible for
them to catch up to us. No, I think we have nothing to fear
from them."

But though danger from Berg and his crowd was somewhat
remote, perils of another sort were hovering around the
treasure-seekers, and they were soon to experience them.

It was much different from sailing along in the airship,
Tom thought, for there was no blue sky and fleecy clouds to
see, and they could not look down and observe, far below
them, cities and villages. Nor could they breathe the
bracing atmosphere of the upper regions.

But if there was lack of the rarefied air of the clouds,
there was no lack of fresh atmosphere. The big tanks carried
a large supply, and whenever more was needed the oxygen
machine would supply it.

As there was no need, however, of remaining under water
for any great stretch of time, it was their practice to rise
every day and renew the air supply, also to float along on
the surface for a while, or speed along, with only the
conning tower out, in order to afford a view, and to enable
Captain Weston to take observations. But care was always
exercised to make sure no ships were in sight when emerging
on the surface, for the gold-seekers did not want to be
hailed and questioned by inquisitive persons.

It was about four days after the disabling of the rival
submarine, and the Advance was speeding along about a mile
and a half under water. Tom was in the pilot house with
Captain Weston, Mr. Damon was at his favorite pastime of
looking out of the glass side windows into the ocean and its
wonders, and Mr. Swift and the balloonists were, as usual,
in the engine-room.

"How near do you calculate we are to the sunken wreck?"
asked Tom of his companion.

"Well, at the calculation we made yesterday, we are within
about a thousand miles of it now. We ought to reach it in
about four more days, if we don't have any accidents."

"And how deep do you think it is?" went on the lad.

"Well, I'm afraid it's pretty close to two miles, if not
more. It's quite a depth, and of course impossible for
ordinary divers to reach. But it will be possible in this
submarine and in the strong diving suits your father has
invented for us to get to it. Yes, I don't anticipate much
trouble in getting out the gold, once we reach the wreck of
course--"

The captain's remark was not finished. From the engine-
room there came a startled shout:

"Tom! Tom! Your father is hurt! Come here, quick!"

"Take the wheel!" cried the lad to the captain. "I must go
to my father." It was Mr. Sharp's voice he had heard.

Racing to the engine-room, Tom saw his parent doubled up
over a dynamo, while to one side, his hand on a copper
switch, stood Mr. Sharp.

"What's the matter?" shouted the lad.

"He's held there by a current of electricity," replied the
balloonist. "The wires are crossed."

"Why don't you shut off the current?" demanded the youth,
as he prepared to pull his parent from the whirring machine.
Then he hesitated, for he feared he, too, would be glued
fast by the terrible current, and so be unable to help Mr.
Swift.

"I'm held fast here, too," replied the balloonist. "I
started to cut out the current at this switch, but there's a
short circuit somewhere, and I can't let go, either. Quick,
shut off all power at the main switchboard forward."

Tom realized that this was the only thing to do. He ran
forward and with a yank cut out all the electric wires. With
a sigh of relief Mr. Sharp pulled his hands from the copper
where he had been held fast as if by some powerful magnet,
his muscles cramped by the current. Fortunately the
electricity was of low voltage, and he was not burned. The
body of Mr. Swift toppled backward from the dynamo, as Tom
sprang to reach his father.

"He's dead!" he cried, as he saw the pale face and the
closed eyes.

"No, only badly shocked, I hope," spoke Mr. Sharp. "But we
must get him to the fresh air at once. Start the tank pumps.
We'll rise to the surface."

The youth needed no second bidding. Once more turning on
the electric current, he set the powerful pumps in motion
and the submarine began to rise. Then, aided by Captain
Weston and Mr. Damon, the young inventor carried his father
to a couch in the main cabin. Mr. Sharp took charge of the
machinery.

Restoratives were applied, and there was a flutter of the
eyelids of the aged inventor.

"I think he'll come around all right," said the sailor
kindly, as he saw Tom's grief. "Fresh air will be the thing
for him. We'll be on the surface in a minute."

Up shot the Advance, while Mr. Sharp stood ready to open
the conning tower as soon as it should be out of water. Mr.
Swift seemed to be rapidly reviving. With a bound the
submarine, forced upward from the great depth, fairly shot
out of the water. There was a clanking sound as the aeronaut
opened the airtight door of the tower, and a breath of fresh
air came in.

"Can you walk, dad, or shall we carry you?" asked Tom
solitiously.

"Oh, I--I'm feeling better now," was the inventor's reply.
"I'll soon be all right when I get out on deck. My foot
slipped as I was adjusting a wire that had gotten out of
order, and I fell so that I received a large part of the
current. I'm glad I was not burned. Was Mr. Sharp hurt? I
saw him run to the switch, just before I lost
consciousness."

"No, I'm all right," answered the balloonist. "But allow
us to get you out to the fresh air. You'll feel much better
then."

Mr. Swift managed to walk slowly to the ladder leading to
the conning tower, and thence to the deck. The others
followed him. As all emerged from the submarine they uttered
a cry of astonishment.

There, not one hundred yards away, was a great warship,
flying a flag which, in a moment. Tom recognized as that of
Brazil. The cruiser was lying off a small island, and all
about were small boats, filled with natives, who seemed to
be bringing supplies from land to the ship. At the
unexpected sight of the submarine, bobbing up from the
bottom of the ocean, the natives uttered cries of fright.
The attention of those on the warship was attracted, and the
bridge and rails were lined with curious officers and men.

"It's a good thing we didn't come up under that ship,"
observed Tom. "They would have thought we were trying to
torpedo her. Do you feel better, dad?" he asked, his wonder
over the sight of the big vessel temporarily eclipsed in his
anxiety for his parent.

"Oh, yes, much better. I'm all right now. But I wish we
hadn't disclosed ourselves to these people. They may demand
to know where we are going, and Brazil is too near Uruguay
to make it safe to tell our errand. They may guess it,
however, from having read of the wreck, and our departure."

"Oh, I guess it will be all right," replied Captain
Weston. "We can tell them we are on a pleasure trip. That's
true enough. It would give us great pleasure to find that
gold."

"There's a boat, with some officers in it, to judge by the
amount of gold lace on them, putting off from the ship,"
remarked Mr. Sharp.

"Ha! Yes! Evidently they intend to pay us a formal visit,"
observed Mr. Damon. "Bless my gaiters, though. I'm not
dressed to receive company. I think I'll put on my dress
suit."

"It's too late," advised Tom. "They'll be here in a
minute."

Urged on by the lusty arms of the Brazilian sailors, the
boat, containing several officers, neared the floating
submarine rapidly.

"Ahoy there!" called an officer in the bow, his accent
betraying his unfamiliarity with the English language. "What
craft are you?"

"Submarine, Advance, from New Jersey," replied Tom. "Who
are you?"

"Brazilian cruiser San Paulo," was the reply. "Where are
you bound?" went on the officer.

"On pleasure," answered Captain Weston quickly. "But why
do you ask? We are an American ship, sailing under American
colors. Is this Brazilian territory?"

"This island is--yes," came back the answer, and by this
time the small boat was at the side of the submarine. Before
the adventurers could have protested, had they a desire to
do so, there were a number of officers and the crew of the
San Paulo on the small deck.

With a flourish, the officer who had done the questioning
drew his sword. Waving it in the air with a dramatic
gesture, he exclaimed:

"You're our prisoners! Resist and my men shall cut you
down like dogs! Seize them, men!"

The sailors sprang forward, each one stationing himself at
the side of one of our friends, and grasping an arm.

"What does this mean?" cried Captain Weston indignantly.
"If this is a joke, you're carrying it too far. If you're in
earnest, let me warn you against interfering with
Americans!"

"We know what we are doing," was the answer from the
officer.

The sailor who had hold of Captain Weston endeavored to
secure a tighter grip. The captain turned suddenly, and
seizing the man about the waist, with an exercise of
tremendous strength hurled him over his head and into the
sea, the man making a great splash.

"That's the way I'll treat any one else who dares lay a
hand on me!" shouted the captain, who was transformed from a
mild-mannered individual into an angry, modern giant. There
was a gasp of astonishment at his feat, as the ducked sailor
crawled back into the small boat. And he did not again
venture on the deck of the submarine.

"Seize them, men!" cried the gold-laced officer again, and
this time he and his fellows, including the crew, crowded so
closely around Tom and his friends that they could do
nothing. Even Captain Weston found it impossible to offer
any resistance, for three men grabbed hold of him but his
spirit was still a fighting one, and he struggled
desperately but uselessly.

"How dare you do this?" he cried.

"Yes," added Tom, "what right have you to interfere with
us?"

"Every right," declared the gold-laced officer.

"You are in Brazilian territory, and I arrest you."

"What for?" demanded Mr. Sharp.

"Because your ship is an American submarine, and we have
received word that you intend to damage our shipping, and
may try to torpedo our warships. I believe you tried to
disable us a little while ago, but failed. We consider that
an act of war and you will be treated accordingly. Take them
on board the San Paulo," the officer Went on, turning to his
aides. "We'll try them by court-marital here. Some of you
remain and guard this submarine. We will teach these
filibustering Americans a lesson."




Chapter Twenty

Doomed to Death


There was no room on the small deck of the submarine to
make a stand against the officers and crew of the Brazilian
warship. In fact, the capture of the gold-seekers had been
effected so suddenly that their astonishment almost deprived
them of the power to think clearly.

At another command from the officer, who was addressed as
Admiral Fanchetti, several of the sailors began to lead Tom
and his friends toward the small boat.

"Do you feel all right, father?" inquired the lad
anxiously, as he looked at his parent. "These scoundrels
have no right to treat us so."

"Yes, Tom, I'm all right as far as the electric shock is
concerned, but I don't like to be handled in this fashion."

"We ought not to submit!" burst out Mr. Damon. "Bless the
stars and stripes! We ought to fight."

"There's no chance," said Mr. Sharp. "We are right under
the guns of the ship. They could sink us with one shot. I
guess we'll have to give in for the time being."

"It is most unpleasant, if I may be allowed the
expression," commented Captain Weston mildly. He seemed to
have lost his sudden anger, hut there was a steely glint in
his eyes, and a grim, set look around his month that showed
his temper was kept under control only by an effort. It
boded no good to the sailors who had hold of the doughty
captain if he should once get loose, and it was noticed that
they were on their guard.

As for Tom, he submitted quietly to the two Brazilians who
had hold of either arm, and Mr. Swift was held by only one,
for it was seen that he was feeble.

"Into the boat with them!" cried Admiral Fanchetti. "And
guard them well, Lieutenant Drascalo, for I heard them
plotting to escape," and the admiral signaled to a younger
officer, who was in charge of the men guarding the
prisoners.

"Lieutenant Drascalo, eh?" murmured Mr. Damon. "I think
they made a mistake naming him. It ought to be Rascalo. He
looks like a rascal."

"Silenceo!" exclaimed the lieutenant, scowling at the odd
character'.

"Bless my spark plug! He's a regular fire-eater!" went on
Mr. Damon, who appeared to have fully recovered his spirits.

"Silenceo!" cried the lieutenant, scowling again, but Mr.
Damon did not appear to mind.

Admiral Fanchetti and several others of the gold-laced
officers remained aboard the submarine, while Tom and his
friends were hustled into the small boat and rowed toward
the warship.

"I hope they don't damage our craft," murmured the young
inventor, as he saw the admiral enter the conning tower.

"If they do, we'll complain to the United States consul
and demand damages," said Mr. Swift

"I'm afraid we won't have a chance to communicate with the
consul," remarked Captain Weston.

"What do you mean?" asked Mr. Damon. "Bless my shoelaces,
but will these scoundrels--"

"Silenceo!" cried Lieutenant Drascalo quickly. "Dogs of
Americans, do you wish to insult us?"

"Impossible; you wouldn't appreciate a good, genuine
United States insult," murmured Tom under his breath.

"What I mean," went on the captain, "is that these people
may carry the proceedings off with a high hand. You heard
the admiral speak of a court-martial."

"Would they dare do that?" inquired Mr. Sharp.

"They would dare anything in this part of the world, I'm
afraid," resumed Captain Weston. "I think I see their plan,
though. This admiral is newly in command; his uniform shows
that He wants to make a name for himself, and he seizes on
our submarine as an excuse. He can send word to his
government that he destroyed a torpedo craft that sought to
wreck his ship. Thus he will acquire a reputation."

"But would his government support him in such a hostile
act against the United States, a friendly nation?" asked
Tom.

"Oh, he would not claim to have acted against the United
States as a power. He would say that it was a private
submarine, and, as a matter of fact, it is. While we are
under the protection of the stars and stripes, our vessel is
not a Government one," and Captain Weston spoke the last in
a low voice, so the scowling lieutenant could not hear.

"What will they do with us?" inquired Mr. Swift.

"Have some sort of a court-martial, perhaps," went on the
captain, "and confiscate our craft Then they will send us
back home, I expect for they would not dare harm us."

"But take our submarine!" cried Tom. "The villains--"

"Silenceo!" shouted Lieutenant Drascalo and he drew his
sword.

By this time the small boat was under the big guns of the
San Paulo, and the prisoners were ordered, in broken
English, to mount a companion ladder that hung over the
side. In a short time they were on deck, amid a crowd of
sailors, and they could see the boat going back to bring off
the admiral, who signaled from the submarine. Tom and his
friends were taken below to a room that looked like a
prison, and there, a little later, they were visited by
Admiral Fanchetti and several officers.

"You will be tried at once," said the admiral. "I have
examined your submarine and I find she carries two torpedo
tubes. It is a wonder you did not sink me at once."

"Those are not torpedo tubes!" cried Tom, unable to keep
silent, though Captain Weston motioned him to do so.

"I know torpedo tubes when I see them," declared the
admiral. "I consider I had a very narrow escape. Your
country is fortunate that mine does not declare war against
it for this act. But I take it you are acting privately, for
you fly no flag, though you claim to be from the United
States."

"There's no place for a flag on the submarine," went on
Tom. "What good would it be under water?"

"Silenceo!" cried Lieutenant Drascalo, the admonition to
silence seeming to be the only command of which he was
capable.

"I shall confiscate your craft for my government," went on
the admiral, "and shall punish you as the court-martial may
direct. You will be tried at once."

It was in vain for the prisoners to protest. Matters were
carried with a high hand. They were allowed a spokesman, and
Captain Weston, who understood Spanish, was selected, that
language being used. But the defense was a farce, for he was
scarcely listened to. Several officers testified before the
admiral, who was judge, that they had seen the submarine
rise out of the water, almost under the prow of the San
Paulo. It was assumed that the Advance had tried to wreck
the warship, but had failed. It was in vain that Captain
Weston and the others told of the reason for their rapid
ascent from the ocean depths--that Mr. Swift had been
shocked, and needed fresh air. Their story was not believed.

"We have heard enough!" suddenly exclaimed the admiral.
"The evidence against you is over-whelming--er--what you
Americans call conclusive," and be was speaking then in
broken English. "I find you guilty, and the sentence of this
court-martial is that you be shot at sunrise, three days
hence!"

"Shot!" cried Captain Weston, staggering back at this
unexpected sentence. His companions turned white, and Mr.
Swift leaned against his son for support.

"Bless my stars! Of all the scoundrelly!" began Mr. Damon.

"Silenceo!" shouted the lieutenant, waving his sword.

"You will be shot," proceeded the admiral. "Is not that
the verdict of the honorable court?" he asked, looking at
his fellow officers. They all nodded gravely.

"But look here!" objected Captain Weston. "You don't dare
do that! We are citizens of the United States, and--"

"I consider you no better than pirates," interrupted the
admiral. "You have an armed submarine--a submarine with
torpedo tubes. You invade our harbor with it, and come up
almost under my ship. You have forfeited your right to the
protection of your country, and I have no fear on that
score. You will be shot within three days. That is all.
Remove the prisoners."

Protests were in vain, and it was equally useless to
struggle. The prisoners were taken out on deck, for which
they were thankful, for the interior of the ship was close
and hot, the weather being intensely disagreeable. They were
told to keep within a certain space on deck, and a guard of
sailors, all armed, was placed near them. From where they
were they could see their submarine floating on the surface
of the little bay, with several Brazilians on the small
deck. The Advance had been anchored, and was surrounded by a
flotilla of the native boats, the brown-skinned paddlers
gazing curiously at the odd craft.

"Well, this is tough luck!" murmured Tom. "How do you
feel, dad?"

"As well as can be expected under the circumstances," was
the reply. "What do you think about this, Captain Weston?"

"Not very much, if I may be allowed the expression," was
the answer.

"Do you think they will dare carry out that threat?" asked
Mr. Sharp.

The captain shrugged his shoulders. "I hope it is only a
bluff," he replied, "made to scare us so we will consent to
giving up the submarine, which they have no right to
confiscate. But these fellows look ugly enough for
anything," he went on.

"Then if there's any chance of them attempting to carry it
out," spoke Tom, "we've got to do something."

"Bless my gizzard, of course!" exclaimed Mr. Damon. "But
what? That's the question. To be shot! Why, that's a
terrible threat! The villains--"

"Silenceo!" shouted Lieutenant Drascalo, coming up at that
moment.




Chapter Twenty-One

The Escape


Events had happened so quickly that day that the gold-
hunters could scarcely comprehend them. It seemed only a
short time since Mr. Swift had been discovered lying
disabled on the dynamo, and what had transpired since seemed
to have taken place in a few minutes, though it was, in
reality, several hours. This was made manifest by the
feeling of hunger on the part of Tom and his friends.

"I wonder if they're going to starve us, the scoundrels?"
asked Mr. Sharp, when the irate lieutenant was beyond
hearing. "It's not fair to make us go hungry and shoot us in
the bargain."

"That's so, they ought to feed us," put in Tom. As yet
neither he nor the others fully realized the meaning of the
sentence passed on them.

From where they were on deck they could look off to the
little island. From it boats manned by natives were
constantly putting off, bringing supplies to the ship. The
place appeared to be a sort of calling station for Brazilian
warships, where they could get fresh water and fruit and
other food.

From the island the gaze of the adventurers wandered to
the submarine, which lay not far away. They were chagrined
to see several of the bolder natives clambering over the
deck.

"I hope they keep out of the interior," commented Tom. "If
they get to pulling or hauling on the levers and wheels they
may open the tanks and sink her, with the Conning tower
open."

"Better that, perhaps, than to have her fall into the
hands of a foreign power," commented Captain Weston.
"Besides, I don't see that it's going to matter much to us
what becomes of her after we're--"

He did not finish, but every one knew what he meant, and a
grim silence fell upon the little group.

There came a welcome diversion, however, in the shape of
three sailors, bearing trays of food, which were placed on
the deck in front of the prisoners, who were sitting or
lying in the shade of an awning, for the sun was very hot

"Ha! Bless my napkin-ring!" cried Mr. Damon with something
of his former gaiety. "Here's a meal, at all events. They
don't intend to starve us. Eat hearty, every one."

"Yes, we need to keep up our strength," observed Captain
Weston.

"Why?" inquired Mr. Sharp.

"Because we're going to try to escape!" exclaimed Tom in a
low voice, when the sailors who had brought the food had
gone. "Isn't that what you mean, captain?"

"Exactly. We'll try to give these villains the slip, and
we'll need all our strength and wits to do it. We'll wait
until night, and see what we can do."

"But where will we escape to?" asked Mr. Swift. "The
island will afford no shelter, and--"

"No, but our submarine will," went on the sailor.

"It's in the possession of the Brazilians," objected Tom.

"Once I get aboard the Advance twenty of those brown-
skinned villains won't keep me prisoner," declared Captain
Weston fiercely. "If we can only slip away from here, get
into the small boat, or even swim to the submarine, I'll
make those chaps on board her think a hurricane has broken
loose."

"Yes, and I'll help," said Mr. Damon.

"And I," added Tom and the balloonist

"That's the way to talk," commented the captain. "Now
let's eat, for I see that rascally lieutenant coming this
way, and we mustn't appear to be plotting, or he'll be
suspicious."

The day passed slowly, and though the prisoners seemed to
be allowed considerable liberty, they soon found that it was
only apparent. Once Tom walked some distance from that
portion of the deck where he and the others had been told to
remain. A sailor with a gun at once ordered him back. Nor
could they approach the rails without being directed,
harshly enough at times, to move back amidships.

As night approached the gold-seekers were on the alert for
any chance that might offer to slip away, or even attack
their guard, but the number of Brazilians around them was
doubled in the evening, and after supper, which was served
to them on deck by the light of swinging lanterns, they were
taken below and locked in a stuffy cabin. They looked
helplessly at each other.

"Don't give up," advised Captain Weston. "It's a long
night. We may be able to get out of here."

But this hope was in vain. Several times he and Tom,
thinking the guards outside the cabin were asleep, tried to
force the lock of the door with their pocket-knives, which
had not been taken from them. But one of the sailors was
aroused each time by the noise, and looked in through a
barred window, so they had to give it up. Slowly the night
passed, and morning found the prisoners pale, tired and
discouraged. They were brought up on deck again, for which
they were thankful, as in that tropical climate it was
stifling below.

During the day they saw Admiral Fanchetti and several of
his officers pay a visit to the submarine. They went below
through the opened conning tower, and were gone some time.

"I hope they don't disturb any of the machinery," remarked
Mr. Swift. "That could easily do great damage."

Admiral Fanchetti seemed much pleased with himself when he
returned from his visit to the submarine.

"You have a fine craft," he said to the prisoners. "Or,
rather, you had one. My government now owns it. It seems a
pity to shoot such good boat builders, but you are too
dangerous to be allowed to go."

If there had been any doubt in the minds of Tom and his
friends that the sentence of the court-martial was only for
effect, it was dispelled that day. A firing squad was told
off in plain view of them, and the men were put through
their evolutions by Lieutenant Drascalo, who had them load,
aim and fire blank cartridges at an imaginary line of
prisoners. Tom could not repress a shudder as he noted the
leveled rifles, and saw the fire and smoke spurt from the
muzzles.

"Thus we shall do to you at sunrise to-morrow," said the
lieutenant, grinning, as he once more had his men practice
their grim work.

It seemed hotter than ever that day. The sun was fairly
broiling, and there was a curious haziness and stillness to
the air. It was noticed that the sailors on the San Paula
were busy making fast all loose articles on deck with extra
lashings, and hatch coverings were doubly secured.

"What do you suppose they are up to?" asked Tom of Captain
Weston.

"I think it is coming on to blow," he replied, "and they
don't want to be caught napping. They have fearful storms
down in this region at this season of the year, and I think
one is about due."

"I hope it doesn't wreck the submarine," spoke Mr. Swift.
"They ought to close the hatch of the conning tower, for it
won't take much of a sea to make her ship considerable
water."

Admiral Fanchetti had thought of this, however, and as the
afternoon wore away and the storm signs multiplied, he sent
word to close the submarine. He left a few sailors aboard
inside on guard.

"It's too hot to eat," observed Tom, when their supper had
been brought to them, and the others felt the same way about
it. They managed to drink some cocoanut milk, prepared in a
palatable fashion by the natives of the island, and then,
much to their disgust, they were taken below again and
locked in the cabin.

"Whew! But it certainly is hot!" exclaimed Mr. Damon as he
sat down on a couch and fanned himself. "This is awful!"

"Yes, something is going to happen pretty soon," observed
Captain Weston. "The storm will break shortly, I think."

They sat languidly about the cabin. It was so oppressive
that even the thought of the doom that awaited them in the
morning could hardly seem worse than the terrible heat. They
could hear movements going on about the ship, movements
which indicated that preparations were being made for
something unusual. There was a rattling of a chain through a
hawse hole, and Captain Weston remarked:

"They're putting down another anchor. Admiral Fanchetti
had better get away from the island, though, unless he wants
to be wrecked. He'll be blown ashore in less than no time. No
cable or chain will hold in such storms as they have here."

There came a period of silence, which was suddenly broken
by a howl as of some wild beast.

"What's that?" cried Tom, springing up from where he was
stretched out on the cabin floor.

"Only the wind," replied the captain. "The storm has
arrived."

The howling kept up, and soon the ship began to rock. The
wind increased, and a little later there could be heard,
through an opened port in the prisoners' cabin, the dash of
rain.

"It's a regular hurricane!" exclaimed the captain. "I
wonder if the cables will hold?"

"What about the submarine?" asked Mr. Swift anxiously.

"I haven't much fear for her. She lies so low in the water
that the wind can't get much hold on her. I don't believe
she'll drag her anchor."

Once more came a fierce burst of wind, and a
dash of rain, and then, suddenly above the outburst of the
elements, there sounded a crash on deck. It was followed by
excited cries.

"Something's happened!" yelled Tom. The prisoners gathered
in a frightened group in the middle of the cabin. The cries
were repeated, and then came a rush of feet just outside the
cabin door.

"Our guards! They're leaving!" shouted Tom.

"Right!" exclaimed Captain Weston. "Now's our chance! Come
on! If we're going to escape we must do it while the storm
is at its height, and all is in confusion. Come on!"

Tom tried the door. It was locked.

"One side!" shouted the captain, and this time he did not
pause to say "by your leave." He came at the portal on the
run, and his shoulder struck it squarely. There was a
splintering and crashing of wood, and the door was burst
open.

"Follow me!" cried the valiant sailor, and Tom and the
others rushed after him. They could hear the wind howling
more loudly than ever, and as they reached the deck the rain
dashed into their faces with such violence that they could
hardly see. But they were aware that something had occurred.
By the light of several lanterns swaying in the terrific
blast they saw that one of the auxiliary masts had broken
off near the deck.

It had fallen against the chart house, smashing it, and a
number of sailors were laboring to clear away the wreckage.

"Fortune favors us!" cried Captain Weston. "Come on! Make
for the small boat. It's near the side ladder. We'll lower
the boat and pull to the submarine."

There came a flash of lightning, and in its glare Tom saw
something that caused him to cry out.

"Look!" he shouted. "The submarine. She's dragged her
anchors!"

The Advance was much closer to the warship than she had
been that afternoon. Captain Weston looked over the side.

"It's the San Paula that's dragging her anchors, not the
submarine!" he shouted. "We're bearing down on her! We must
act quickly. Come on, we'll lower the boat!"

In the rush of wind and the dash of rain the prisoners
crowded to the accommodation companion ladder, which was
still over the side of the big ship. No one seemed to be
noticing them, for Admiral Fanchetti was on the bridge,
yelling orders for the clearing away of the wreckage. But
Lieutenant Drascalo, coming up from below at that moment,
caught sight of the fleeing ones. Drawing his sword, he
rushed at them, shouting:

"The prisoners! The prisoners! They are escaping!"

Captain Weston leaped toward the lieutenant

"Look out for his sword!" cried Tom. But the doughty
sailor did not fear the weapon. Catching up a coil of rope,
he cast it at the lieutenant. It struck him in the chest,
and he staggered back, lowering his sword.

Captain Weston leaped forward, and with a terrific blow
sent Lieutenant Drascalo to the deck.

"There!" cried the sailor. "I guess you won't yell
'Silenceo!' for a while now."

There was a rush of Brazilians toward the group of
prisoners. Tom caught one with a blow on the chin, and
felled him, while Captain Weston disposed of two more, and
Mr. Sharp and Mr. Damon one each. The savage fighting of the
Americans was too much for the foreigners, and they drew
back.

"Come on!" cried Captain Weston again. "The storm is
getting worse. The warship will crash into the submarine in
a few minutes. Her anchors aren't holding. I didn't think
they would."

He made a dash for the ladder, and a glance showed him
that the small boat was in the water at the foot of it. The
craft had not been hoisted on the davits.

"Luck's with us at last!" cried Tom, Seeing it also.
"Shall I help you, dad?"

"No; I think I'm all right. Go ahead."

There came such a gust of wind that the San Paula was
heeled over, and the wreck of the mast, rolling about,
crashed into the side of a deck house, splintering it. A
crowd of sailors, led by Admiral Fanchetti, who were again
rushing on the escaping prisoners, had to leap back out of
the way of the rolling mast.

"Catch them! Don't let them get away!" begged the
commander, but the sailors evidently had no desire to close
in with the Americans.

Through the rush of wind and rain Tom and his friends
staggered down the ladder. It was hard work to maintain
one's footing, but they managed it. On account of the high
side of the ship the water was comparatively calm under her
lee, and, though the small boat was bobbing about, they got
aboard. The oars were in place, and in another moment they
had shoved off from the landing stage which formed the foot
of the accommodation ladder.

"Now for the Advance!" murmured Captain Weston.

"Come back! Come back, dogs of Americans!" cried a voice
at the rail over their heads, and looking up, Tom saw
Lieutenant Drascalo. He had snatched a carbine from a
marine, and was pointing it at the recent prisoners. He
fired, the flash of the gun and a dazzling chain of
lightning coming together. The thunder swallowed up the
report of the carbine, but the bullet whistled uncomfortable
close to Tom's head. The blackness that followed the
lightning shut out the view of everything for a few seconds,
and when the next flash came the adventurers saw that they
were close to their submarine.

A fusillade of shots sounded from the deck of the warship,
but as the marines were poor marksmen at best, and as the
swaying of the ship disconcerted them, our friends were in
little danger.

There was quite a sea once they were beyond the protection
of the side of the warship, but Captain Weston, who was
rowing, knew how to manage a boat skillfully, and he soon had
the craft alongside the bobbing submarine.

"Get aboard, now, quick!" he cried.

They leaped to the small deck, casting the rowboat adrift.
It was the work of but a moment to open the conning tower.
As they started to descend they were met by several
Brazilians coming up.

"Overboard with 'em!" yelled the captain. "Let them swim
ashore or to their ship!"

With almost superhuman strength he tossed one big sailor
from the small deck. Another showed fight, but he went to
join his companion in the swirling water. A man rushed at
Tom, seeking the while to draw his sword, but the young
inventor, with a neat left-hander, sent him to join the
other two, and the remainder did not wait to try
conclusions. They leaped for their lives, and soon all could
be seen, in the frequent lightning flashes, swimming toward
the warship which was now closer than ever to the submarine

"Get inside and we'll sink below the surface!" called Tom.
"Then we don't care what happens."

They closed the steel door of the conning tower. As they
did so they heard the patter of bullets from carbines fired
from the San Paulo. Then came a violent tossing of the
Advance; the waves were becoming higher as they caught the
full force of the hurricane. It took but an instant to
sever, from within, the cable attached to the anchor, which
was one belonging to the warship. The Advance began
drifting.

"Open the tanks, Mr. Sharp!" cried Tom. "Captain Weston
and I will steer. Once below we'll start the engines."

Amid a crash of thunder and dazzling flashes of lightning,
the submarine began to sink. Tom, in the conning tower had a
sight of the San Paulo as it drifted nearer and nearer under
the influence of the mighty wind. As one bright flash came
he saw Admiral Fanchetti and Lieutenant Drascalo leaning
over the rail and gazing at the Advance.

A moment later the view faded from sight as the submarine
sank below the surface of the troubled sea. She was tossed
about for some time until deep enough to escape the surface
motion. Waiting until she was far enough down so that her
lights would not offer a mark for the guns of the warship,
the electrics were switched on.

"We're safe now!" cried Tom, helping his father to his
cabin. "They've got too much to attend to themselves to
follow us now, even if they could. Shall we go ahead,
Captain Weston?"

"I think so, yes, if I may be allowed to express my
opinion," was the mild reply, in strange contrast to the
strenuous work in which the captain had just been engaged.

Tom signaled to Mr. Sharp in the engine-room, and in a few
seconds the Advance was speeding away from the island and
the hostile vessel. Nor, deep as she was now, was there any
sign of the hurricane. In the peaceful depths she was once
more speeding toward the sunken treasure.




Chapter Twenty-Two

At the Wreck


"Well," remarked Mr. Damon, as the submarine hurled
herself forward through the ocean, "I guess that firing
party will have something else to do to-morrow morning
besides aiming those rifles at us."

"Yes, indeed," agreed Tom. "They'll be lucky if they save
their ship. My, how that wind did blow!"

"You're right," put in Captain Weston. "When they get a
hurricane down in this region it's no cat's paw. But they
were a mighty careless lot of sailors. The idea of leaving
the ladder over the side, and the boat in the water."

"It was a good thing for us, though," was Tom's opinion.

"Indeed it was," came from the captain. "But as long as we
are safe now I think we'd better take a look about the craft
to see if those chaps did any damage. They can't have done
much, though, or she wouldn't be running so smoothly.
Suppose you go take a look, Tom, and ask your father and Mr.
Sharp what they think. I'll steer for a while, until we get
well away from the island."

The young inventor found his father and the balloonist
busy in the engine-room. Mr. Swift had already begun an
inspection of the machinery, and so far found that it had
not been injured. A further inspection showed that no damage
had been done by the foreign guard that had been in
temporary possession of the Advance, though the sailors had
made free in the cabins, and had broken into the food
lockers, helping themselves plentifully. But there was still
enough for the gold-seekers.

"You'd never know there was a storm raging up above,"
observed Tom as he rejoined Captain Weston in the lower
pilot house, where he was managing the craft. "It's as
still and peaceful here as one could wish."

"Yes, the extreme depths are seldom disturbed by a surface
storm. But we are over a mile deep now. I sent her down a
little while you were gone, as I think she rides a little
more steadily."

All that night they speeded forward, and the next day,
rising to the surface to take an observation, they found no
traces of the storm, which had blown itself out. They were
several hundred miles away from the hostile warship, and
there was not a vessel in sight on the broad expanse of blue
ocean.

The air tanks were refilled, and after sailing along on
the surface for an hour or two, the submarine was again sent
below, as Captain Weston sighted through his telescope the
smoke of a distant steamer.

"As long as it isn't the Wonder, we're all right," said
Tom. "Still, we don't want to answer a lot of questions
about ourselves and our object."

"No. I fancy the Wonder will give up the search," remarked
the captain, as the Advance was sinking to the depths.

"We must be getting pretty near to the end of our search
ourselves," ventured the young inventor.

"We are within five hundred miles of the intersection of
the forty-fifth parallel and the twenty-seventh meridian,
east from Washington," said the captain. "That's as near as
I could locate the wreck. Once we reach that point we will
have to search about under water, for I don't fancy the
other divers left any buoys to mark the spot."

It was two days later, after uneventful sailing, partly on
the surface, and partly submerged, that Captain Weston,
taking a noon observation, announced:

"Well, we're here!"

"Do you mean at the wreck?" asked Mr. Swift eagerly.

"We're at the place where she is supposed to lie, in about
two miles of water," replied the captain. "We are quite a
distance off the coast of Uruguay, about opposite the harbor
of Rio de La Plata. From now on we shall have to nose about
under water, and trust to luck."

With her air tanks filled to their capacity, and Tom
having seen that the oxygen machine and other apparatus was
in perfect working order, the submarine was sent below on
her search. Though they were in the neighborhood of the
wreck, the adventurers might still have to do considerable
searching before locating it. Lower and lower they sank into
the depths of the sea, down and down, until they were deeper
than they had ever gone before. The pressure was tremendous,
but the steel sides of the Advance withstood it

Then began a search that lasted nearly a week. Back and
forth they cruised, around in great circles, with the
powerful searchlight focused to disclose the sunken treasure
ship. Once Tom, who was observing the path of light in the
depths from the conning tower, thought he had seen the
remains of the Boldero, for a misty shape loomed up in front
of the submarine, and he signaled for a quick stop. It was a
wreck, but it had been on the ocean bed for a score of
years, and only a few timbers remained of what had been a
great ship. Much disappointed, Tom rang for full speed ahead
again, and the current was sent into the great electric
plates that pulled and pushed the submarine forward.

For two days more nothing happened. They searched around
under the green waters, on the alert for the first sign, but
they saw nothing. Great fish swam about them, sometimes
racing with the Advance. The adventurers beheld great ocean
caverns, and skirted immense rocks, where dwelt monsters of
the deep. Once a great octopus tried to do battle with the
submarine and crush it in its snaky arms, but Tom saw the
great white body, with saucer-shaped eyes, in the path of
light and rammed him with the steel point. The creature died
after a struggle.

They were beginning to despair when a full week had passed
and they were seemingly as far from the wreck as ever. They
went to the surface to enable Captain Weston to take another
observation. It only confirmed the other, and showed that
they were in the right vicinity. But it was like looking for
a needle in a haystack, almost, to and the sunken ship in
that depth of water.

"Well, we'll try again," said Mr. Swift, as they sank once
more beneath the surface.

It was toward evening, on the second day after this, that
Tom, who was on duty in the conning tower, saw a black shape
looming up in front of the submarine, the searchlight
revealing it to him far enough away so that he could steer
to avoid it. He thought at first that it was a great rock,
for they were moving along near the bottom, but the peculiar
shape of it soon convinced him that this could not be. It
came more plainly into view as the submarine approached it
more slowly, then suddenly, out of the depths in the
illumination from the searchlight, the young inventor saw
the steel sides of a steamer. His heart gave a great thump,
but he would not call out yet, fearing that it might be some
other vessel than the one containing the treasure.

He steered the Advance so as to circle it. As he swept
past the bows he saw in big letters near the sharp prow the
word, Boldero.

"The wreck! The wreck!" he cried, his voice ringing
through the craft from end to end. "We've found the wreck at
last!"

"Are you sure?" cried his father, hurrying to his son,
Captain Weston following.

"Positive," answered the lad. The submarine was slowing up
now, and Tom sent her around on the other side. They had a
good view of the sunken ship. It seemed to be intact, no
gaping holes in her sides, for only her plates had started,
allowing her to sink gradually.

"At last," murmured Mr. Swift. "Can it be possible we are
about to get the treasure?"

"That's the Boldero, all right," affirmed Captain Weston.
"I recognize her, even if the name wasn't on her bow. Go
right down on the bottom, Tom, and we'll get out the diving
suits and make an examination."

The submarine settled to the ocean bed. Tom glanced at the
depth gage. It showed over two miles and a half. Would they
be able to venture out into water of such enormous pressure
in the comparatively frail diving suits, and wrest the gold
from the wreck? It was a serious question.

The Advance came to a stop. In front of her loomed the
great bulk of the Boldero, vague and shadowy in the
flickering gleam of the searchlight As the gold-seekers
looked at her through the bull's-eyes of the conning tower,
several great forms emerged from beneath the wreck's bows.

"Deep-water sharks!" exclaimed  Captain Weston, "and
monsters, too. But they can't bother us. Now to get out the
gold!"




Chapter Twenty-Three

Attacked by Sharks


For a few minutes after reaching the wreck, which had so
occupied their thoughts for the past weeks, the adventurers
did nothing but gaze at it from the ports of the submarine.
The appearance of the deep-water sharks gave them no
concern, for they did not imagine the ugly creatures would
attack them. The treasure-seekers were more engrossed with
the problem of getting out the gold.

"How are we going to get at it?" asked Tom, as he looked
at the high sides of the sunken ship, which towered well
above the comparatively small Advance.

"Why, just go in and get it," suggested Mr. Damon. "Where
is gold in a cargo usually kept, Captain Weston? You ought
to know, I should think. Bless my pocketbook!"

"Well, I should say that in this case the bullion would be
kept in a safe in the captain's cabin," replied the sailor.
"Or, if not there, in some after part of the vessel, away
from where the crew is quartered. But it is going to be
quite a problem to get at it. We can't climb the sides of
the wreck, and it will be impossible to lower her ladder
over the side. However, I think we had better get into the
diving suits and take a closer look. We can walk around
her."

"That's my idea," put in Mr. Sharp. "But who will go, and
who will stay with the ship?"

"I think Tom and Captain Weston had better go, suggested
Mr. Swift. "Then, in case anything happens, Mr. Sharp, you
and I will be on board to manage matters."

"You don't think anything will happen, do you, dad?" asked
his son with a laugh, but it was not an easy one, for the
lad was thinking of the shadowy forms of the ugly sharks.

"Oh, no, but it's best to be prepared," answered his
father.

The captain and the young inventor lost no time in donning
the diving suits. They each took a heavy metal bar, pointed
at one end, to use in assisting them to walk on the bed of
the ocean, and as a protection in case the sharks might
attack them. Entering the diving chamber, they were shut in,
and then water was admitted until the pressure was seen, by
gages, to be the same as that outside the submarine. Then
the sliding steel door was opened. At first Tom and the
captain could barely move, so great was the pressure of
water on their bodies. They would have been crushed but for
the protection afforded by the strong diving suits.

In a few minutes they became used to it, and stepped out
on the floor of the ocean. They could not, of course, speak
to each other, but Tom looked through the glass eyes of his
helmet at the captain, and the latter motioned for the lad
to follow. The two divers could breathe perfectly, and by
means of small, but powerful lights on the helmets, the way
was lighted for them as they advanced.

Slowly they approached the wreck, and began a circuit of
her. They could see several places where the pressure of the
water, and the strain of the storm in which she had
foundered, had 'opened the plates of the ship, but in no
case were the openings large enough to admit a person.
Captain Weston put his steel bar in one crack, and tried to
pry it farther open, but his strength was not equal to the
task. He made some peculiar motions, but Tom could not
understand them.

They looked for some means by which they could mount to
the decks of the Boldero, but none was visible. It was like
trying to scale a fifty-foot smooth steel wall. There was no
place for a foothold. Again the sailor made some peculiar
motions, and the lad puzzled over them. They had gone nearly
around the wreck now, and as yet had seen no way in which to
get at the gold. As they passed around the bow, which was in
a deep shadow from a great rock, they caught sight of the
submarine lying a short distance away. Light streamed from
many hull's-eyes, and Tom felt a sense of security as he
looked at her, for it was lonesome enough in that great
depth of water, unable to speak to his companion, who was a
few feet in advance.

Suddenly there was a swirling of the water, and Tom was
nearly thrown off his feet by the rush of some great body. A
long, black shadow passed over his head, and an instant
later he saw the form of a great shark launched at Captain
Weston. The lad involuntarily cried in alarm, but the result
was surprising. He was nearly deafened by his own voice,
confined as the sound was in the helmet he wore. But the
sailor, too, had felt the movement of the water, and turned
just in time. He thrust upward with his pointed bar. But he
missed the stroke, and Tom, a moment later, saw the great
fish turn over so that its mouth, which is far underneath
its snout, could take in the queer shape which the shark
evidently thought was a choice morsel. The big fish did
actually get the helmet of Captain Weston inside its jaws,
but probably it would have found it impossible to crush the
strong steel. Still it might have sprung the joints, and
water would have entered, which would have been as fatal as
though the sailor had been swallowed by the shark. Tom
realized this and, moving as fast as he could through the
water, he came up behind the monster and drove his steel bar
deep into it.

The sea was crimsoned with blood, and the savage creature,
opening its mouth, let go of the captain. It turned on Tom,
who again harpooned it. Then the fish darted off and began a
wild flurry, for it was dying. The rush of water nearly
threw Tom off his feet, but he managed to make his way over
to his friend, and assist him to rise. A confident look from
the sailor showed the lad that Captain Weston was uninjured,
though he must have been frightened. As the two turned to
make their way back to the submarine, the waters about them
seemed alive with the horrible monsters.

It needed but a glance to show what they were, Sharks!
Scores of them, long, black ones, with their ugly, undershot
mouths. They had been attracted by the blood of the one Tom
had killed, but there was not a meal for all of them off the
dying creature, and the great fish might turn on the young
inventor and his companion.

The two shrank closer toward the wreck. They might get
under the prow of that and be safe. But even as they started
to move, several of the sea wolves darted quickly at them.
Tom glanced at the captain. What could they do? Strong as
were the diving suits, a combined attack by the sharks, with
their powerful jaws, would do untold damage.

At that moment there seemed some movement on board the
submarine. Tom could see his father looking from the conning
tower, and the aged inventor seemed to be making some
motions. Then Tom understood. Mr. Swift was directing his
son and Captain Weston to crouch down. The lad did so,
pulling the sailor after him. Then Tom saw the bow electric
gun run out, and aimed at the mass of sharks, most of whom
were congregated about the dead one. Into the midst of the
monsters was fired a number of small projectiles, which
could be used in the electric cannon in place of the solid
shot. Once more the waters were red with blood, and those
sharks which were not killed swirled off. Tom and Captain
Weston were saved. They were soon inside the submarine
again. telling their thrilling story.

"It's lucky you saw us, dad," remarked the lad, blushing
at the praise Mr. Damon bestowed on him for killing the
monster which had attacked the captain.

"Oh, I was on the lookout," said the inventor. "But what
about getting into the wreck?"

"I think the only way we can do it will be to ram a hole
in her side," said Captain Weston. "That was what I tried to
tell Tom by motions, but he didn't seem to understand me."

"No," replied the lad, who was still a little nervous from
his recent experience. "I thought you meant for us to turn
it over, bottom side up," and he laughed.

"Bless my gizzard!  Just like a shark," commented Mr.
Damon.

"Please don't mention them," begged Tom. "I hope we don't
see any more of them."

"Oh, I fancy they have been driven far enough away from
this neighborhood now," commented the captain. "But now
about the wreck. We may be able to approach it from above.
Suppose we try to lower the submarine on it? That will save
ripping it open."

This was tried a little later, but would not work. There
were strong currents sweeping over the top of the Boldero,
caused by a submerged reef near which she had settled. It
was a delicate task to sink the submarine on her decks, and
with the deep waters swirling about was found to be
impossible, even with the use of the electric plates and the
auxiliary screws. Once more the Advance settled to the ocean
bed, near the wreck.

"Well, what's to be done?" asked Tom, as he looked at the
high steel sides.

"Ram her, tear a hole, and then use dynamite," decided
Captain Weston promptly. "You have some explosive, haven't
you, Mr. Swift?"

"Oh, yes. I came prepared for emergencies."

"Then we'll blow up the wreck and get at the gold."




Chapter Twenty-Four

Ramming the Wreck


Fitted with a long, sharp steel ram in front, the Advance
was peculiarly adapted for this sort of work. In designing
the ship this ram was calculated to be used against hostile
vessels in war time, for the submarine was at first, as we
know, destined for a Government boat. Now the ram was to
serve a good turn.

To make sure that the attempt would be a success, the
machinery of the craft was carefully gone over. It was found
to be in perfect order, save for a few adjustments which
were needed. Then, as it was night, though there was no
difference in the appearance of things below the surface, it
was decided to turn in, and begin work in the morning. Nor
did the gold-seekers go to the surface, for they feared they
might encounter a storm.

"We had trouble enough locating the wreck, said Captain
Weston, "and if we go up we may be blown off our course. We
have air enough to stay below, haven't we, Tom?"

"Plenty," answered the lad, looking at the gages.

After a hearty breakfast the next morning, the submarine
crew got ready for their hard task. The craft was backed
away as far as was practical, and then, running at full
speed, she rammed the wreck. The shock was terrific, and at
first it was feared some damage had been done to the
Advance, but she stood the strain.

"Did we open up much of a hole?" anxiously asked Mr.
Swift.

"Pretty good," replied Tom, observing it through the
conning tower bull's-eyes, when the submarine had backed off
again. "Let's give her another."

Once more the great steel ram hit into the side of the
Boldero, and again the submarine shivered from the shock.
But there was a bigger hole in the wreck now, and after
Captain Weston had viewed it he decided it was large enough
to allow a person to enter and place a charge of dynamite so
that the treasure ship would be broken up.

Tom and the captain placed the explosive. Then the Advance
was withdrawn to a safe distance. There was a dull rumble, a
great swirling of the water, which was made murky; but when
it cleared, and the submarine went back, it was seen that
the wreck was effectively broken up. It was in two parts,
each one easy of access.

"That's the stuff!" cried Tom. "Now to get at the gold!"

"Yes, get out the diving suits," added Mr. Damon. "Bless
my watch-charm, I think I'll chance it in one myself! Do you
think the sharks are all gone, Captain Weston?"

"I think so."

In a short time Tom, the captain, Mr. Sharp and Mr. Damon
were attired in the diving suits, Mr. Swift not caring to
venture into such a great depth of water. Besides, it was
necessary for at least one person to remain in the submarine
to operate the diving chamber.

Walking slowly along the bottom of the sea the four gold-
seekers approached the wreck. They looked on all sides for a
sight of the sharks, but the monster fish seemed to have
deserted that part of the ocean. Tom was the first to reach
the now disrupted steamer. He found he could easily climb
up, for boxes and barrels from the cargo holds were
scattered all about by the explosion. Captain Weston soon
joined the lad. The sailor motioned Tom to follow him, and
being more familiar with ocean craft the captain was
permitted to take the lead. He headed aft, seeking to locate
the captain's cabin. Nor was he long in finding it. He
motioned for the others to enter, that the combined
illumination of the lamps in their helmets would make the
place bright enough so a search could be made for the gold.
Tom suddenly seized the arm of the captain, and pointed to
one corner of the cabin. There stood a small safe, and at
the sight of it Captain Weston moved toward it. The door was
not locked, probably having been left open when the ship was
deserted. Swinging it back the interior was revealed.

It was empty. There was no gold bullion in it.

There was no mistaking the dejected air of Captain Weston.
The others shared his feelings, but though they all felt
like voicing their disappointment, not a word could be
spoken. Mr. Sharp, by vigorous motions, indicated to his
companions to seek further.

They did so, spending all the rest of the day in the
wreck, save for a short interval for dinner. But no gold
rewarded their search.

Tom, late that afternoon, wandered away from the others,
and found himself in the captain's cabin again, with the
empty safe showing dimly in the water that was all about.

"Hang it all!" thought the lad, "we've had all our trouble
for nothing! They must have taken the gold with them."

Idly he raised his steel bar, and struck it against the
partition back of the safe. To his astonishment the
partition seemed to fall inward, revealing a secret
compartment. The lad leaned forward to bring the light for
his helmet to play on the recess. He saw a number of boxes,
piled one upon the other. He had accidentally touched a
hidden spring and opened a secret receptacle. But what did
it contain?

Tom reached in and tried to lift one of the boxes. He
found it beyond his strength. Trembling from excitement, he
went in search of the others. He found them delving in the
after part of the wreck, but by motions our hero caused them
to follow him. Captain Weston showed the excitement he felt
as soon as he caught sight of the boxes. He and Mr. Sharp
lifted one out, and placed it on the cabin floor. They pried
off the top with their bars.

There, packed in layers, were small yellow bars; dull,
gleaming, yellow bars! It needed but a glance to show that
they were gold bullion. Tom had found the treasure. The lad
tried to dance around there in the cabin of the wreck,
nearly three miles below the surface of the ocean, but the
pressure of water was too much for him. Their trip had been
successful.




Chapter Twenty-Five

Home With the Gold


There was no time to be lost. They were in a treacherous
part of the ocean, and strong currents might at any time
further break up the wreck, so that they could not come at
the gold. It was decided, by means of motions, to at once
transfer the treasure to the submarine. As the boxes were
too heavy to carry easily, especially as two men, who were
required to lift one, could not walk together in the
uncertain footing afforded by the wreck, another plan was
adopted. The boxes were opened and the bars, a few at a
time, were dropped on a firm, sandy place at the side of the
wreck. Tom and Captain Weston did this work, while Mr. Sharp
and Mr. Damon carried the bullion to the diving chamber of
the Advance. They put the yellow bars inside, and when quite
a number had been thus shifted, Mr. Swift, closing the
chamber, pumped the water out and removed the gold. Then he
opened the chamber to the divers again, and the process was
repeated, until all the bullion had been secured.

Tom would have been glad to make a further examination of
the wreck, for he thought he could get some of the rifles
the ship carried, but Captain Weston signed to him not to
attempt this.

The lad went to the pilot house, while his father and Mr.
Sharp took their places in the engine-room. The gold had
been safely stowed in Mr. Swift's cabin.

Tom took a last look at the wreck before he gave the
starting signal. As he gazed at the bent and twisted mass of
steel that had once been a great ship, he saw something
long, black and shadowy moving around from the other side,
coming across the bows.

"There's another big shark," he observed to Captain
Weston. "They're coming back after us."

The captain did not speak. He was staring at the dark
form. Suddenly, from what seemed the pointed nose of it,
there gleamed a light, as from some great eye.

"Look at that!" cried Tom. "That's no shark!"

"If you want my opinion," remarked the sailor, "I should
say it was the other submarine--that of Berg and his
friends--the Wonder. They've managed to fix up their craft
and are after the gold."

"But they're too late!" cried Tom excitedly. "Let's tell
them so."

"No, advised the captain. "We don't want any trouble with
them."

Mr. Swift came forward to see why his son had not given
the signal to start. He was shown the other submarine, for
now that the Wonder had turned on several searchlights,
there was no doubt as to the identity of the craft.

"Let's get away unobserved if we can," he suggested. "We
have had trouble enough."

It was easy to do this, as the Advance was hidden behind
the wreck, and her lights were glowing but dimly. Then, too,
those in the other submarine were so excited over the
finding of what they supposed was the wreck containing the
treasure, that they paid little attention to anything else.

"I wonder how they'll feel when they find the gold gone?"
asked Tom as he pulled the lever starting the pumps.

"Well, we may have a chance to learn, when we get back to
civilization," remarked the captain.

The surface was soon reached, and then, under fair skies,
and on a calm sea, the voyage home was begun. Part of the
time the Advance sailed on the top, and part of the time
submerged.

They met with but a single accident, and that was when the
forward electrical plate broke. But with the aft one still
in commission, and the auxiliary screws, they made good
time. Just before reaching home they settled down to the
bottom and donned the diving suits again, even Mr. Swift
taking his turn. Mr. Damon caught some large lobsters, of
which he was very fond, or, rather, to be more correct, the
lobsters caught him. When he entered the diving chamber
there were four fine ones clinging to different parts of his
diving suit. Some of them were served for dinner.

The adventurers safely reached the New Jersey coast, and
the submarine was docked. Mr. Swift at once communicated
with the proper authorities concerning the recovery of the
gold. He offered to divide with the actual owners, after he
and his friends had been paid for their services, but as the
revolutionary party to whom the bullion was intended had
gone out of existence, there was no one to officially claim
the treasure, so it all went to Tom and his friends, who
made an equitable distribution of it. The young inventor did
not forget to buy Mrs. Baggert a fine diamond ring, as he
had promised.

As for Berg and his employers, they were, it was learned
later, greatly chagrined at finding the wreck valueless.
They tried to make trouble for Tom and his father, but were
not successful.

A few days after arriving at the seacoast cottage, Tom,
his father and Mr. Damon went to Shopton in the airship.
Captain Weston, Garret Jackson and Mn Sharp remained behind
in charge of the submarine. It was decided that the Swifts
would keep the craft and not sell it to the Government, as
Tom said they might want to go after more treasure some day.

"I must first deposit this gold," said Mr. Swift as the
airship landed in front of the shed at his home. "It won't
do to keep it in the house over night, even if the Happy
Harry gang is in jail."

Tom helped him take it to the bank. As they were making
perhaps the largest single deposit ever put in the
institution, Ned Newton came out.

"Well, Tom," he cried to his chum, "it seems that you are
never going to stop doing things. You've conquered the air,
the earth and the water."

"What have you been doing while I've been under water,
Ned?" asked the young inventor.

"Oh, the same old thing. Running errands and doing all
sorts of work in the bank."

Tom had a sudden idea. He whispered to his father and Mr.
Swift nodded. A little later he was closeted with Mr.
Prendergast, the bank president. It was not long before Ned
and Tom were called in.

"I have some good news for you, Ned," said Mr.
Prendergast, while Tom smiled. "Mr. Swift er--ahem--one of
our largest depositors, has spoken to me about you, Ned. I
find that you have been very faithful. You are hereby
appointed assistant cashier, and of course you will get a
much larger salary."

Ned could hardly believe it, but he knew then what Tom had
whispered to Mr. Swift. The wishes of a depositor who brings
much gold bullion to a bank can hardly be ignored.

"Come on out and have some soda," invited Tom, and when
Ned looked inquiringly at the president, the latter nodded
an assent.

As the two lads were crossing the street to a drug store,
something whizzed past them, nearly running them down.

"What sort of an auto was that?" cried Tom.

"That? Oh, that was Andy Foger's new car," answered Ned.
"He's been breaking the speed laws every day lately, but no
one seems to bother him. It's because his father is rich, I
suppose. Andy says he has the fastest car ever built."

"He has, eh?" remarked Tom, while a curious look came into
his eyes. "Well, maybe I can build one that will beat his."

And whether the young inventor did or not you can learn by
reading the fifth volume of this series, to be called "Tom
Swift and His Electric Runabout; Or, The Speediest Car on
the Road."

"Well, Tom, I certainly appreciate what you did for me in
getting me a better position," remarked Ned as they left the
drug store. "I was beginning to think I'd never get
promoted. Say, have you anything to do this evening? If you
haven't, I wish you'd come over to my house. I've got a lot
of pictures I took while you were away."

"Sorry, but I can't," replied Tom.

"Why, are you going to build another airship or submarine?"

"No, but I'm going to see-- Oh, what do you want to know
for, anyhow?" demanded the young inventor with a blush.
"Can't a fellow go see a girl without being cross-questioned?"

"Oh, of course," replied Ned with a laugh. "Give Miss
Nestor my regards," and at this Tom blushed still more. But,
as he said, that was his own affair.










TOM SWIFT AND HIS ELECTRIC RUNABOUT
or
The Speediest Car on the Road

by
VICTOR APPLETON




THE TOM SWIFT SERIES

TOM SWIFT AND HIS MOTOR-CYCLE
Or Fun and Adventure on the Road

TOM SWIFT AND HIS MOTOR-BOAT
Or the Rivals of Lake Carlopa

TOM SWIFT AND HIS AIRSHIP
Or the Stirring Cruise of the Red Cloud

TOM SWIFT AND HIS SUBMARINE BOAT
Or Under the Ocean for Sunken Treasure

TOM SWIFT AND HIS ELECTRIC RUNABOUT
Or the Speediest Car on the Road





Tom Swift and His Electric Runabout





CONTENTS




CHAPTER
    I   TOM HOPES FOR A PRIZE
   II   MR. DAMON'S STEERING
  III   THE MOTOR-CYCLE WINS
   IV   TALE OF A NEW BANK
    V   A MIDNIGHT ENCOUNTER
   VI   BUILDING THE CAR
  VII   TOM IS CAPTURED
 VIII   A BLINDING FLASH
   IX   TOM IS RESCUED
    X   TOM HAS A FALL
   XI   CROSSED WIRES
  XII   THE TRYOUT
 XIII   TOWED BY A MULE
  XIV   A GREAT RUN
   XV   ANDY FOGER'S BLACK EYE
  XVI   TROUBLE AT THE BANK
 XVII   A RUN ON THE BANK
XVIII   AFTER THE CASH
  XIX   STOPPED ON THE ROAD
   XX   ON TIME
  XXI   OFF TO THE BIG RACE
 XXII   IN A DITCH
 XIII   THE POWER GONE
  XIV   ON THE TRACK
  XXV   WINNING THE PRIZE



TOM SWIFT AND HIS ELECTRIC RUNABOUT




CHAPTER I                     TOM HOPES FOR A PRIZE


"Father," exclaimed Tom Swift, looking up from a paper he was
reading, "I think I can win that prize!"

"What prize is that?" inquired the aged inventor, gazing away
from a drawing of a complicated machine, and pausing in his task
of making some intricate calculations. "You don't mean to say,
Tom, that you're going to have a try for a government prize for a
submarine, after all."

"No," not a submarine prize, dad," and the youth laughed.
"Though our Advance would take the prize away from almost any
other under-water boat, I imagine. No, it's another prize I'm
thinking about."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I see by this paper that the Touring Club of America has
offered three thousand dollars for the speediest electric car.
The tests are to come off this fall, on a new and specially built
track on Long Island, and it's to be an endurance contest for
twenty-four hours, or a race for distance, they haven't yet
decided. But I'm going to have a try for it, dad, and, besides
winning the prize, I think I'll take Andy Foger down a peg.

"What's Andy been doing now?"

"Oh, nothing more than usual. He's always mean, and looking
for a chance to make trouble for me, but I didn't refer to
anything special He has a new auto, you know, and he boasts that
it's the fastest one in this country. I'll show him that it
isn't, for I'm going to win this prize with the speediest car on
the road."

"But, Tom, you haven't any automobile, you know," and Mr. Swift
looked anxiously at his son, who was smiling confidently. "You
can't be going to make your motor-cycle into an auto; are you?"

"No, dad."

"Then how are you going to take part in the prize contest?
Besides, electric cars, as far as I know, aren't specially
speedy."

"I know it, and one reason why this club has arranged the
contest is to improve the quality of electric automobiles. I'm
going to build an electric runabout, dad."

"An electric runabout?  But it will have to be operated with a
storage battery, Tom, and you haven't--"

"I guess you're going to say I haven't any storage battery,
dad," interrupted Mr. Swift's son. "Well, I haven't yet, but I'm
going to have one. I've been working on--"

"Oh, ho!" exclaimed the aged inventor with a laugh. "So that's
what you've been tinkering over these last few weeks, eh, Tom?  I
suspected it was some new invention, but I didn't suppose it was
that. Well, how are you coming on with it?"

"Pretty good, I think. I've got a new idea for a battery, and I
made an experimental one. I gave it some pretty severe tests, and
it worked fine."

"But you haven't tried it out in a car yet, over rough roads,
and under severe conditions have you?"

"No, I haven't had a chance. In fact, when I invented the
battery I had no idea of using it on a car I thought it might
answer for commercial purposes, or for storing a current
generated by windmills. But when I read that account in the
papers of the Touring Club, offering a prize for the best
electric car, it occurred to me that I might put my battery into
an auto, and win."

"Hum," remarked Mr. Swift musingly. "I don't take much stock in
electric autos, Tom. Gasolene seems to be the best, or perhaps
steam, generated by gasolene. I'm afraid you'll be disappointed.
All the electric runabouts I ever saw, while they were very nice
cars, didn't seem able to go so very fast, or very far."

"That's true, but it's because they didn't have the right kind
of a battery. You know an electric locomotive can make pretty
good speed, Dad. Over a hundred miles an hour in tests."

"Yes, but they don't run by storage batteries. They have a
third rail, and powerful motors," and Mr. Swift looked
quizzically at his son. He loved to argue with him, for he said
it made Tom think, and often the two would thus thresh out some
knotty point of an invention, to the interests of both.

"Of course, Dad, there is a good deal of theory in what I'm
thinking of," the lad admitted. "But it does seem to me that if
you put the right kind of a battery into an automobile, it could
scoot along pretty lively. Look what speed a trolley car can
make."

"Yes, Tom, but there again they get their power from an
overhead wire."

"Some of them don't. There's a new storage battery been
invented by a New Jersey man, which does as well as the third
rail or the overhead wire. It was after reading about his battery
that I thought of a plan for mine. It isn't anything like his;
perhaps not as good in some ways, but, for what I want, it is
better in some respects, I think. For one thing it can be
recharged very quickly."

"Now Tom, look here," said Mr. Swift earnestly, laying aside
his papers, and coming over to where his son sat. "You know I
never interfere with your inventions. In fact, the more you think
of the better I like it. The airship you helped build certainly
did all that could be desired, and--"

"That reminds me. Mr. Sharp and Mr. Damon are out in it now,"
interrupted Tom. "They ought to be back soon. Yes, Dad, the
airship Red Cloud certainly scooted along."

"And the submarine, too," continued the aged inventor. "Your
ideas regarding that were of service to me, and helped in our
task of recovering the treasure, but I'm afraid you're going to
be disappointed in the storage battery. You may get it to work,
but I don't believe you can make it powerful enough to attain any
great speed. Why don't you confine yourself to making a battery
for stationary work?"

"Because, Dad, I believe I can build a speedy car, and I'm
going to try it. Besides I want to race Andy Foger, and beat him,
even if I don't win the prize. I'm going to build that car, and
it will make fast time."

"Well, go ahead, Tom," responded his father, after a pause. "Of
course you can use the shops here as much as you want, and Mr.
Sharp, Mr. Jackson, and I will help you all we can. Only don't be
disappointed, that's all."

"I won't, Dad. Suppose you come out to my shop and I'll show
you a sample battery I've been testing for the last week. I have
it geared to a small motor, and it's been running steadily for
some time. I want to see what sort of a record it's made."

Father and son crossed the yard, and entered a shop which the
lad considered exclusively his own. There he had made many
machines, and pieces of apparatus, and had invented a number of
articles which had been patented, and yielded him considerable of
an income.

"There's the battery, Dad," he said, pointing to a complicated
mechanism in one corner

"What's that buzzing noise?" asked Mr. Swift. "That's the
little motor I run from the new cells. Look here," and Tom
switched on an electric light above the experimental battery,
from which he hoped so much. It consisted of a steel can, about
the size of the square gallon tin in which maple syrup comes, and
from it ran two wires which were attached to a small motor that
was industriously whirring away.

Tom looked at a registering gauge connected with it.

"That's pretty good," remarked the young inventor.

"What is it, Tom?" and his father peered about the shop.

"Why this motor has run an equivalent of two hundred miles on
one charging of the battery! That's much better than I expected.
I thought if I got a hundred out of it I'd be doing well. Dad, I
believe, after I improve my battery a bit, that I'll have the
very thing I want!  I'll install a set of them in a car, and it
will go like the wind. I'll --" Tom's enthusiastic remarks were
suddenly interrupted by a low, rumbling sound.

"Thunder!" exclaimed Mr. Swift. "The storm is coming, and Mr.
Sharp and Mr. Damon in the airship--"

Hardly had he spoken than there sounded a crash on the roof of
the Swift house, not far away. At the same time there came cries
of distress, and the crash was repeated.

"Come on, Dad!  Something has happened!" yelled Tom, dashing
from the shop, followed by his parent. They found themselves in
the midst of a rain storm, as they raced toward the house, on the
roof of which the smashing noise was again heard.




CHAPTER II              MR. DAMON'S STEERING


Tom Swift was a lad of action, and his quickness in hurrying
out to investigate what had happened when he was explaining about
his new battery, was characteristic of him. Those of my readers
who know him, through having read the previous books of this
series, need not be told this, but you who, perhaps, are just
making his acquaintance, may care to know a little more about
him.

As told in my first book, "Tom Swift and His Motor-Cycle" the
young inventor lived with his father, Barton Swift, a widower, in
the town of Shopton, New York. Mr. Swift was also an inventor of
note.

In my initial volume of this series, Tom became possessed of a
motor-cycle in a peculiar way. It was sold to him by a Mr.
Wakefield Damon, a wealthy gentleman who was unfortunate in
riding it. On his speedy machine, which Tom improved by several
inventions, he had a number of adventures. The principal one was
being attacked by a number of bad men, known as the "Happy Harry
Gang," who wished to obtain possession of a valuable turbine
patent model belonging to Mr. Swift. Tom was taking it to a
lawyer, when he was waylaid, and chloroformed. Later he traced
the gang, and, with the assistance of Mr. Damon and Eradicate
Sampson, an aged colored man who made a living for himself and
his mule, Boomerang, by doing odd jobs, the lad found the thieves
and recovered a motor-boat which had been stolen. But the men got
away.

In the second volume, called "Tom Swift and His Motor-Boat,"
Tom bought at auction the boat stolen by, and recovered from, the
thieves, and proceeded to improve it. While he was taking his
father out on a cruise for Mr Swift's health, the Happy Harry
Gang made a successful attempt to steal some valuable inventions
from the Swift house. Tom started to trace them, and incidentally
he raced and beat Andy Foger, a rich bully. On their way down the
lake, after the robbery, Tom, his father and Ned Newton, Tom's
chum, saw a man hanging from the trapeze of a blazing balloon
over Lake Carlopa. The balloonist was Mr. John Sharp and he was
rescued by Tom in a thrilling fashion. In his motor-boat, Tom had
much pleasure, not the least of which was taking out a young lady
named Miss Mary Nestor, whose acquaintance he had made after
stopping her runaway horse, which his bicycle had frightened.
Tom's association with  Miss Nestor soon ripened into something
deeper than mere friendship.

It developed that Mr Sharp, whom Tom had saved from the burning
balloon, was an aeronaut of note, and had once planned to build
an airship. After his recovery from his thrilling experience, he
mentioned the matter to Mr. Swift and his son, with whom he took
up his residence. This fitted right in with Tom's ideas, and soon
father, son and the balloonist were constructing the Red Cloud,
as they named their airship. It was finally completed, as related
in "Tom Swift and His Airship," made a successful trial trip, and
won a prize. It was planned to make a longer journey, and Tom,
Mr. Sharp and Mr. Damon agreed to go together. Mr. Damon was an
odd individual, who was continuously blessing some part of his
anatomy, his clothing or some inanimate object but, for all that,
he was a fine man.

The night before Tom and his friends started off in their
airship, the Shopton Bank vault was blown open and seventy-five
thousand dollars was taken. Tom and his friends did not know of
this, but, no sooner had the young inventor, Mr. Sharp and Mr.
Damon sailed away, than the police arrived at Mr. Swift's house
to arrest them. They were charged with the robbery, and with
having sailed away with the booty.

It appeared that Andy Foger said he had seen Tom hanging around
the bank the night of the robbery, with a bag of burglar tools in
his possession. Search was immediately begun for the airship, the
occupants of which were, meanwhile, speeding on.

Tom and his two friends had trouble. They were nearly burned up
in a forest fire, and were fired upon by a crowd of people with
rifles, who, reading of the bank robbery and the reward offered
for the capture of the thieves, hoped to bring down the airship.
The fact that they were fired upon caused Tom and the two
aeronauts to descend to make an investigation, and for the first
time they learned of the bank theft. How they got track of the
real robbers, took the sheriff with them in the airship, and
raided the gang will be found set down at length in the book.
Also how Tom administered well-deserved thrashing to Andy Foger.

Mr. Swift did not accompany his son in the airship, and when
asked why he did not care to make the trip, said he was working
on a new type of submarine boat, which he hoped to enter in the
government trials, to win a prize. In the fourth volume of the
series, called "Tom Swift and his Submarine," you may read how
successful Mr. Swift was.

When the submarine, called the Advance, was finished, the party
made a trip to recover three hundred thousand dollars in gold
from a sunken treasure ship, off the coast of Uruguay, South
America. They sailed beneath the seas for many miles, and were in
great peril at times. One reason for this was that a rival firm
of submarine builders got wind of the treasure, and tried to get
ahead of the Swifts in recovering it. How Tom and his friends
succeeded in their quest, how they nearly perished at the bottom
of the sea, how they were captured by a foreign war vessel, and
sentenced to death, how they fought with a school of giant sharks
and how they blew up the wreck to recover the money is all told
of in the book.

On their return to civilization with the gold, Mr. Swift, Tom,
and their friends deposited the money in the Shopton Bank, where
Ned Newton worked. Ned was a bright lad, but had not been
advanced as rapidly as he deserved, and Tom knew this. He asked
his father to speak to the president, Mr. Pendergast, in Ned's
behalf, and, as a result the lad was made assistant cashier, for
the request of a man who controlled a three hundred thousand
dollar deposit was not to be despised.

In building the submarine Tom and his father rented a large
cottage on the New Jersey seacoast, but, on returning from their
treasure-quest they went back to Shopton, leaving the submarine
at the boathouse of the shore cottage, which was near the city of
Atlantis. That was in the fall of the year, and all that winter
the young inventor had been busy on many things, not the least of
which was his storage battery. It was now spring, and seeing the
item in the paper, about the touring club prize for an electric
auto, had given him a new idea.

But all thoughts of electric cars, and everything else, were
driven from the mind of the young man, when, with his father, he
rushed out to see the cause of the crash on the roof of the Swift
homestead.

"There's something up there, Tom," called his father, as he
splashed on through the rain.

"That's right," added his son. "And somebody, too, to judge by
the fuss they're making."

"Maybe the house has been struck by lightning!" suggested the
aged inventor.

"No, the storm isn't severe enough for that; and, besides, if
the house had been struck you'd hear Mrs. Baggert yelling, Dad.
She--"

At that moment a woman's voice cried out:

"Mr. Swift! Tom! Where are you? Something dreadful has
happened!"

"There she goes!" remarked Mr. Swift, as he splashed into a mud
puddle.

"Bless my deflection rudder!" suddenly cried a voice from the
flat roof of the Swift house. "Hello! I say, is anyone down
there?"

"Yes, we are," answered Tom. "Is that you, Mr. Damon?"

"Bless my collar button! It certainly is."

"Where's Mr. Sharp? I don't hear him."

"Oh, I'm here all right," answered the balloonist. "I'm trying
to get the airship clear of the chimney. Mr. Damon--"

"Yes, I steered wrong!" interrupted the odd man. "Bless my
liver pin, but it was so dark I couldn't see, and when that clap
of thunder came I shifted the deflection rudder instead of the
lateral one, and tried to knock over your chimney."

"Are either of you hurt?" asked Mr. Swift anxiously.

"No, not at all," replied Mr. Sharp. "We were moving slowly,
ready for a landing."

"Is the airship damaged?" inquired Tom.

"I don't know. Not much, I guess," was the answer of the
aeronaut. "I've stopped the engine, and I don't like to start it
again until I can see what shape we're in."

"I'll come up, with Mr. Jackson," called Tom, and he hastily
summoned Garret Jackson, an engineer, who had been in the service
of Mr. Swift for many years. Together they proceeded to the roof
by a stairway that led to a scuttle.

"Is anyone killed?" asked Mrs. Baggert, as Tom hurried up the
stairs. "Don't tell me there is, Tom!"

"Well, I don't have to tell you, for no one is," replied the
young inventor with a laugh. "It's all right. The airship tried
to collide with the chimney, that's all."

He was soon on the large, flat roof of the dwelling, and, with
the aid of lanterns he, the engineer, and Mr. Sharp made a hasty
examination.

"Anything wrong?" inquired Mr. Damon, looking out from the
cabin of the Red Cloud where he had taken refuge after the crash,
and to get out of the wet.

"Not much," answered Tom. "One of the forward planes is
smashed, but we can rise by means of the gas, and float down. Is
all clear, Mr. Sharp?"

"All clear," replied the balloonist, for the airship had now
been wheeled back from the entanglement with the chimney.

"Then here we go!" cried Tom, as he and the aeronaut entered
the craft, while Mr. Jackson descended through the scuttle.

There came a fiercer burst to the storm, and, amid a series of
dazzling lightning flashes and the muttering of thunder, the
airship rose from the roof. Tom switched on the search-light,
and, starting the big propellers, guided the craft skillfully
toward the big shed where it was housed when not in use.

With the grace of a bird it turned about in the air, and
settled to the ground. It was the work of but a few minutes to
run it into the shed. Then they all started for the house.

"Bless my umbrella!  How it rains!" cried Mr. Damon, as he
splashed on through numerous puddles. "We got back just in time,
Mr. Sharp."

"Where did you go?" asked the lad.

"Why we took a flight of about fifty miles and stopped at my
house in Waterfield for supper. Were you anxious about us?"

"A little when it began to storm," replied Tom.

"Anything new since we left?" asked Mr. Sharp, for it was the
custom of himself, or some of his friends, to take little trips
in the airship. They thought no more of it than many do of going
for a short spin in an automobile.

"Yes, there is something new," said Mr. Swift, as the party,
all drenched now, reached the broad veranda.

"Bless my gaiters!" cried Mr. Damon. "What is it? I hope the
Happy Harry gang hasn't robbed you again; nor Berg and his men
tried to take that treasure away from us, after we worked so hard
to get it from the wreck."

"No, it isn't that," replied Mr. Swift. "The truth is that Tom
thinks he has invented a storage battery that will revolutionize
matters. He's going to build an electric automobile, he says."

"I am," declared the lad, as the others looked at him, "and it
will be the speediest one you ever saw, too!"




CHAPTER III             THE MOTORCYCLE WINS


"Well, Tom," remarked Mr. Sharp, after a pause following the
lad's announcement. "I didn't know you had any ambitions in that
line. Tell us more about the battery. What system do you use;
lead plates and sulphuric acid?"

"Oh, that's out of date long ago," declared the lad.

"Well, I don't know much about electricity," admitted the
aeronaut. "I'll take my chances in an airship or a balloon, but
when it comes to electricity I'm down and out."

"So am I," admitted Mr. Damon. "Bless my gizzard, it's all I
can do to put a new spark plug in my automobile. Where is your
new battery, Tom?"

"Out in my shop, running yet if it hasn't been frightened by
the airship smash," replied the lad, somewhat proudly. "It's an
oxide of nickel battery, with steel and oxide of iron negative
electrodes."

"What solution do you use, Tom?" asked Mr. Swift. "I didn't get
that far in questioning you before the crash came," he added.

"Well I have, in the experimental battery, a solution of
potassium hydrate," replied the lad, "but I think I'm going to
change it, and add some lithium hydrate to it. I think that will
make it stronger."

"Bless my watch chain!" exclaimed Mr. Damon. "It's all Greek to
me. Suppose you let us see it, Tom? I like to see wheels go
'round, but I'm not much of a hand for chemical terms."

"If you're sure you're not hurt by the airship smash, I will,"
declared the lad.

"Oh, we're not hurt a bit," insisted Mr. Sharp. "As I said we
were moving slow, for I knew it was about time to land. Mr. Damon
was steering--"

"Yes I thought I'd try my hand at it, as it seemed so easy,"
interrupted the eccentric man. "But never again--not for mine! I
couldn't see the house, and, before I knew it we were right over
the roof. Then the chimney seemed to stick itself up suddenly in
front of us, and--well, you know the rest. I'm willing to pay for
any damage I caused."

"Oh, not at all!" replied Tom. "It's easy enough to put on a
new plane, or, for that matter, we can operate the Red Cloud
without it. But come on, I'll show you my sample battery."

"Here, take umbrellas!" Mrs. Baggert called after them as they
started toward the shop, for it was still raining.

"We don't mind getting wet," replied the young inventor. "It's
in the interests of science."

"Maybe it is. You don't mind a wetting, but I mind you coming
in and dripping water all over the carpets!" retorted the
housekeeper.

"Bless my overshoes, I'm afraid we have wet the carpets a
trifle now," admitted Mr. Damon ruefully, as he looked down at a
puddle, which had formed where he had been standing.

"That's the reason I want you to take umbrellas this trip,"
insisted Mrs. Baggert.

They complied, and were soon in the shop, where Tom explained
his battery. The small motor was still running and had, as the
lad had said, gone the equivalent of over two hundred miles.

"If a small battery does as well as that, what will a larger
one do?" asked Mr. Damon.

"Much better, I hope," replied the youth. "But Dad doesn't seem
to have much faith in them."

"Well," admitted Mr. Swift, "I must say I am skeptical. Still,
I acknowledge Tom has done some pretty good work along electrical
lines. He helped me with the positive and negative plates on the
submarine, and, maybe--well, we'll wait and see," he concluded.

"If you build a car I hope you give me a ride in it," said Mr.
Damon. "I've ridden fast in the air, and swiftly on top of, and
under, the water. Now I'd like to ride rapidly on top of the
earth. The gasolene auto doesn't go very fast."

"I'll give you a ride that will make your hair stand up!"
prophesied Tom, and the time was to come when he would make good
that prediction.

The little party in the machine shop talked at some length
about Tom's battery. He showed them how it was constructed, and
gave them some of his ideas regarding the new type of auto he
planned to build.

"Well," remarked Mr. Swift at length, "if you want to keep your
brain fresh, Tom, you must get to bed earlier than this. It's
nearly twelve o'clock."

"And I want to get up early !" exclaimed the lad. "I'm going to
start to build a larger battery to-morrow."

"And I'm going to repair the airship," added Mr. Sharp.

"Bless my night cap, I promised my wife I'd be home early to-
night, too!" suddenly exclaimed Mr. Damon. "I don't fancy making
the trip back to Waterfield in my auto, though. Something will be
sure to happen. I'll blow out a tire, or a spark plug will get
sooty on me and--"

"It's raining harder than ever," interrupted Tom. "Better stay
here to-night. You can telephone home."  Which Mr. Damon did.

Tom was up early the next morning, in spite of the fact that he
did not go to bed in good season, and before breakfast he was
working at his new storage battery. After the meal he hurried
back to the shop, but it was not long before he came out,
wheeling his motor-cycle.

"Where are you going, Tom?" asked Mrs. Baggert.

"Oh, I've got to go to Mansburg to get some steel tubes for my
new battery," he replied. "I thought I had some large enough, but
I haven't."  Mansburg was a good-sized town, near Shopton.

"Then I wish you'd bring me a bottle of stove polish,"
requested the housekeeper. "The liquid kind. I'm out of it, and
the stove is as red as a cow."

"All right," agreed the lad, as he leaped into the saddle and
pedaled off down the road. A moment later he had turned on the
power, and was speeding along the highway, which was in good
condition on account of the shower of the night before.

Tom was thinking so deeply of his new invention, and planning
what he would do when he had his electric runabout built, that,
almost before he knew it, he had reached Mansburg, purchased the
steel tubes, and the stove polish, and was on his way back again.

As he was speeding along on a level road, he heard, coming
behind him, an automobile. The lad turned to one side, but, in
spite of this the party in the car began a serenade of the
electric siren, and kept it up, making a wild discord.

"What's the matter with those fellows!" inquired Tom of
himself. "Haven't I given them enough of the road, or has their
steering gear broken?"

He looked back over his shoulder, and it needed but a glance to
show that the car was all right, as regarded the steering
apparatus. And it needed only another glance to disclose the
reason for the shrill sound of the siren.

"Andy Foger!" exclaimed Tom. "I might have known. And Sam and
Pete are with him. Well, if he wants to make me get off the road,
he'll find that I've got as much right as he has!"

He kept on a straight course, wondering if the red-haired, and
squint-eyed bully would dare try to damage the motor-cycle.

A little later Andy's car was beside Tom.

"Why don't you get out of the way," demanded Sam, who could
usually be depended on to aid Andy in all his mean tricks.

"Because I'm entitled to half the road," retorted our hero.

"Humph! A slow-moving machine like yours hasn't any right on
the road," sneered Andy, who had slowed down his car somewhat.

"I haven't, eh?" demanded Tom. "Well, if you'll get down out of
that car for a few minutes I'll soon show you what my rights
are!"

Now Andy, more than once, had come to personal encounters with
Tom, much to the anguish of the bully. He did not relish another
chastisement, but his mean spirit could not brook interference.

"Don't you want a race?" he inquired of Tom, in a sneering
tone. "I'll give you a mile start, and beat you! I've got the
fastest car built!"

"You have, eh?" asked Tom, while a grim look came over his
face. "Maybe you'll think differently some day."

"Aw, he's afraid to race; come on," suggested Pete. "Don't
bother with him, Andy."

"No, I guess it wouldn't be worth my while," was the reply of
the bully, and he threw the second gear into place, and began to
move away from the young inventor.

Tom was just as much pleased to be left alone, but he did not
want Andy Foger to think that he could have matters all his own
way. Tom's motor-cycle, since he had made some adjustments to it,
was very swift. In fact there were few autos that could beat it.
He had never tried it against Andy's new car, and he was anxious
to do so.

"I wonder if I would stand any chance, racing him?" thought the
young inventor, as he saw the car slowly pulling away from him.
"I think I'll wait until he gets some distance ahead, and then
I'll see how near I can come to him. If I get anywhere near him
I'm pretty sure I can pass him. I'll try it."

When Andy and his cronies looked back, Tom did not appear to be
doing anything save moving along at moderate speed on his
machine.

"You don't dare race!" Pete Bailey shouted to him.

"Wait," was what Tom whispered to himself.

Andy's car was now some distance ahead. The young inventor
waited a little longer, and then turned more power into his
machine. It leaped forward and began to "eat up the road," as Tom
expressed it. He had seen Andy throw in the third gear, but knew
that there was a fourth speed on the bully's car.

"I don't know whether I can beat him on that or not," thought
the lad dubiously. "If I try, and fail, they'll laugh at me. But
I don't think I'm going to fail."

Faster and faster he rode. He was rapidly overhauling Andy's
car now, and, as they heard him approach, the three cronies
turned around.

"He's going to race you, after all, Andy!" cried Sam.

"You mean he's going to try," sneered Andy. "I'll give him all
the racing he wants!"

In another few seconds Tom was beside the auto, and would have
passed it, only Andy opened his throttle a little more. For a
moment the auto jumped ahead, and then, as our hero turned on
still more power, he easily held his own.

"Aw, you can never beat us!" yelled Pete.

"Of course not!" added Sam.

"I'll leave him behind in a second," prophesied Andy. "Wait
until I throw in the other gear," he added to his cronies in a
low voice. "He thinks he's going to beat me. I'll let him think
so, and then I'll spurt ahead."

The two machines were now racing along side by side. Andy's car
was going the limit on third gear, but he still had the fourth
gear in reserve. Tom, too, still had a little margin of speed.

Suddenly Andy reached forward and yanked on a lever. There was
a grinding of cogs as the fourth gear slipped into place, for
Andy did not handle his car skillfully. The effect, however, was
at once apparent. The automobile shot forward.

"Now where are you, Tom Swift?" cried Sam.

Tom said nothing. He merely shifted a lever, and got a better
spark. He also turned on a little more gasolene and opened the
muffler The quickness with which his motor-cycle shot forward
almost threw him from the saddle, but he had a tight grip on the
handle bars. He whizzed past the auto, but, as the latter
gathered speed, it crept up to him, and, once more was on even
terms. Much chagrined at seeing Tom hold pace with him, even for
an instant, Andy shouted;

"Get over on your own side there! You're crowding me!"

"I am not!" yelled back Tom, above the explosions of his
machine.

The two were now racing furiously, and Andy, with a savage
look, tried to get more speed out of his car. In spite of all the
bully did, Tom was gradually forging ahead. A little hill was now
in view.

"Here's where I make him take my dust!" cried Andy, but, to his
surprise Tom still kept ahead. The auto began to lose ground, for
it was not made to take hills on high gear.

"Change to third gear quick!" cried Sam.

Andy tried to do it. There was a hesitancy on the part of his
car. It seemed to balk. Tom, looking back, slowed up a trifle. He
could afford to, as Andy was being beaten.

"Go on! Go on!" begged Pete. "You'll have to keep on fourth
gear to beat him, Andy."

"That's what!" murmured the bully. Once more he shifted the
gears. There was a grinding, smashing sound, and the car lost
speed. Then it slowed up still more, and finally stopped. Then it
began to back down hill.

"I've stripped those blamed gears!" exclaimed Andy ruefully.

"Can't you beat him?" asked Pete.

"I could have, easily, if my gears hadn't broken," declared the
bully, but, as a matter of fact, he could not have done so. "I
oughtn't to have changed, going up hill," he added, as he jammed
on the brakes, to stop the car from sliding down the slope.

Tom saw and heard.

"I thought you were so anxious to race," he said, exultantly,
as well he might. "I don't want to try a contest down hill,
though, Andy," and he laughed at the red-haired lad, who was
furious.

"Aw, go on!" was all the retort the squint-eyed one could think
of to make.

"I am going on," replied our hero. "Just to show you that I can
go down hill, watch me."

He turned his motor-cycle, and approached Andy's stalled car,
for Tom was some distance in advance of it, up the slope by this
time. As he approached the auto, containing the three
disconcerted cronies, something bounded out of Tom's pocket. It
was the bottle of stove blacking he had purchased for Mrs.
Baggert. The bottle fell in the soft dirt in front of his forward
wheel, and a curious thing happened. Perhaps you have seen a
bicycle or auto tire strike a stone at an angle, and throw it
into the air with great force. That was what happened to the
bottle. Tom's front wheel struck the cork, which fitted tightly,
and, just as when you hit one end of the wooden "catty" and it
bounds up, the bottle described a curve through the air, and flew
straight toward Andy's car. It struck the brass frame of the wind
shield with a crash.

The bottle broke, and in an instant the black liquid was
spattered all over Andy, Sam and Pete. It could not have been
done more effectively if Tom had thrown it by hand. All over
their clothes, their hands and faces, and the front of the car
went the dreary black. Tom looked on, hardly able to believe what
he saw.

"Wow! Wup! Ug! Blug! Mug!" spluttered Sam, who had some of the
stuff in his mouth.

"Oh! Oh!" yelled Pete.

"You did that on purpose, Tom Swift!" shouted Andy, wiping some
of the blacking from his left eye. "I'll have you arrested for
that! You've ruined my car, and look at my suit!"

"Mine's worse!" murmured Sam, glancing down at his light
trousers, which were of the polka-dot pattern now.

"No, mine is," insisted Pete, whose white shirt was of the hue
of a stove pipe.

Andy wiped some of the black stuff from his nose, whence it was
dropping on the steering wheel.

"You just wait!" the bully called to Tom. "I'll get even with
you for this!"

"It was an accident! I didn't mean to do that," explained Tom,
trying not to laugh, as he dismounted from his motorcycle, ready
to render what assistance he could.




CHAPTER IV              TALK OF A NEW BANK


The three cronies were in a sorrowful plight. The black fluid
dripped from them, and formed little puddles in the car. Andy had
used his handkerchief to wipe some of the stuff from his face,
but the linen was soon useless, for it quickly absorbed the
blacking.

"There's a little brook over here," volunteered Tom. "You might
wash in that. The stuff comes off easily. It isn't like ink," and
he had to laugh, as he thought of the happening.

"Here! You quit that!" ordered Andy. "You've gone too far, Tom
Swift!"

"Didn't I tell you it was an accident?" inquired the young
inventor.

"It wasn't!" cried Sam. "You threw the bottle at us! I saw
you!"

"It slipped from my pocket," declared the youth, and he
described how the accident occurred. "I'll help you clean your
car, Andy," he added.

"I don't want your help! If you come near me I'll--I'll punch
your nose!" cried Andy, now almost beside himself with rage.

"All right, if you don't want my help I don't care," answered
Tom, glad enough not to have to soil his hands and clothes. He
felt that it was partly his fault, and he would have done all he
could to remedy matters, but his good offers being declined, he
felt that it was useless to insist further.

He remounted his motor-cycle, and rode off, the last view he
had of the trio being one where they were at the edge of the
brook, trying to remove the worst traces of the black fluid. As
Tom turned around for a final glimpse, Andy shook his fist at
him, and called out something.

"I guess Andy'll have it in for me," mused Tom. "Well, I can't
help it. I owed him something on account, but I didn't figure on
paying it in just this way," and he thought of the time the bully
had locked him in the ballast tanks of the submarine, thereby
nearly smothering him to death.

That night Andy Foger told his father what had happened, for
Mr. Foger inquired the reason for the black stains on his son's
face and hands. But Andy did not give the true version. He said
Tom had purposely thrown the bottle of blacking at him.

"So that's the kind of a lad Tom Swift is, eh?" remarked Andy's
father. "Well, Andy, I think you will soon have a chance to get
even with him."

"How, pop?"

"I can't tell you now, but I have a plan for making Tom sorry
he ever did anything to you, and I will also pay back some old
scores to Mr. Swift and Mr. Damon. I'll ruin their bank for them,
that's what I'll do."

"Ruin their bank, pop? How?"

"You wait and see. The Swift crowd will get off their high
horse soon, or I'm mistaken. My plans are nearly completed, but I
can't tell you about them. I'll ruin Mr. Swift, though, that's
what I'll do," and Mr. Foger shook his head determinedly.

Tom was soon at his home, and Mrs. Baggert, hearing the noise
of his machine, as it entered the front yard, came to the side
door.

"Where's my blacking?" she asked, as our hero dismounted and
untied the bundle of steel tubes he had purchased.

"I--I used it," he answered, laughing.

"Tom Swift! You don't mean to say you took my stove polish to
use in your battery, do you?"

"No, I used it to polish off Andy Foger and some of his
cronies," and the young inventor told, with much gusto, what had
happened. Mrs. Baggert could not help joining in the laugh, and
when Tom offered to ride back and purchase some more of the
polish for her, she said it did not matter, as she could wait
until the next day.

The lad was soon busy in his machine shop, making several
larger cells for the new storage battery. He wanted to give it a
more severe test. He worked for several days on this, and when he
had one unit of cells complete, he attached the motor for an
efficiency trial.

"We'll see how many miles that will make," he remarked to his
father.

"Have you thought anything of the type of car you are going to
build?" asked the aged inventor of his son.

"Yes, somewhat. It will be almost of the regulation style, but
with two removable seats at the rear, with curtains for
protection, and a place in front for two persons. This can also
be protected with curtains when desired."

"But what about the motors and the battery?"

They will be located under the middle of the car. There will be
one set of batteries there, together with the motor, and another
set of batteries will be placed under the removable seats in what
I call the tonneau, though, of course, it isn't really that. A
smaller set will also be placed forward, and there will be ample
room for carrying tools and such things."

"About how far do you expect your car will go with one charging
of the battery?"

"Well, if I can make it do three hundred miles I'll be
satisfied, but I'm going to try for four hundred."

"What will you do when your battery runs out?"

"Recharge it."

"Suppose you're not near a charging station?"  "Well, Dad, of
course those are some of the details I've got to work out. I'm
planning a register gauge now, that will give warning about fifty
miles before the battery is run down. That will leave me a margin
to work on. And I'm going to have it fixed so I can take current
from any trolley line, as well as from a regular charging
station. My battery will be capable of being recharged very
quickly, or, in case of need, I can take out the old cells and
put in new ones.

"That's a very good idea. Well, I hope you succeed."

A few evenings after this, when Tom was busy in his machine
shop, he heard some one enter. He looked up from the gauge of the
motor, which he was studying, and, for a moment, he could make
out nothing in the dark interior of the shop, for he was working
in a brilliant light.

"Who's there?" he called sharply, for, more than once
unscrupulous men had endeavored to sneak into the Swift shops to
steal ideas of inventions; if not the actual apparatus itself.

"It's me--Ned Newton," was the cheerful reply.

"Oh, hello, Ned! I was wondering what had become of you,"
responded Tom. "Where have you been lately?"

"Oh, working overtime."

"What's the occasion?"

"We're trying out a new system to increase the bank business."

"What's the matter? Aren't you folks getting business enough,
after the big deposits we made of the bullion from the wreck?"

"Oh, it's not that. But haven't you heard the news? There is
talk of starting a rival bank in Shopton, and that may make us
hustle to hold what business we have, to say nothing of getting
new customers."

"A new bank, eh? Who's going to start it?" "Andy Foger's
father, I hear. You know he was a director in our bank, but he
got out last week."

"What for?"

"Well, he had some difficulty with Mr. Pendergast, the
president. I fancy you had something to do with it, too."

"I?"  Tom was plainly surprised.

"Yes, you know you and Mr. Damon and Mr. Sharp captured the
bank robbers, and got back most of the money."

"I guess I do remember it! I wish you could have seen the gang
when we raided them from the clouds, in our airship!"

"Well, you know Andy Foger hoped to collect the five thousand
dollars reward for telling the police that you were the thief,
and of course he got fooled, for you got the reward. Mr. Foger
expected his son would collect the money, and when Andy got left,
it made him sore. He's had a grudge against Mr. Pendergast, and
all the other bank officials ever since, and now he's going to
start a rival bank. So that's why I said it was partly due to
you."

"Oh, I see. I thought at first you meant that it was on account
of something that happened the other day."

"What was that?"

"Andy, Sam and Pete got the contents of a bottle of stove
blacking," and Tom related the occurrence, at which Ned laughed
heartily.

"I wouldn't be surprised though," added Ned, "to learn that Mr.
Foger started the new bank more for revenge than anything else."

"So that's the reason you've been working late, eh?" went on
Tom. "Getting ready for competition. Do you think a new bank will
hurt the one you're with?"

"Well, it might," admitted Ned. "It's bound to make a change,
anyhow, and now that I have a good position I don't want to lose
it. I take more of an interest in the institution now that I'm
assistant cashier, than I did when I was a clerk. So, naturally,
I'm a little worried."

"Say, don't let it worry you," begged Tom, earnestly.

"Why not?"

"Because I know my father and Mr. Damon will stick to the old
bank. They won't have anything to do with the one Andy Foger's
father starts. Don't you worry."

"Well, that will help some," declared Ned. "They are both heavy
depositors, and if they stick to the old bank we can stand it
even if some of our smaller customers desert us."

"That's the way to talk," went on the young inventor. "Let
Foger start his bank. It won't hurt yours."

"What are you making now?" asked Ned, a little later, looking
with interest at the machinery over which Tom was bending, and to
which he was making adjustments.

"New electric automobile. I want to beat Andy Foger's car worse
than I did on my motorcycle, and I also want to win a prize," and
the lad proceeded to relate the incidents leading up to his
construction of the storage battery.

Tom and Ned were in the shop until long past midnight, and then
the bank employee, with a look at his watch, exclaimed:

"Great Scott! I ought to be home."

"I'll run you over in Mr. Damon's car," proposed Tom. "He left
it here the other day, while he and his wife went off on a trip,
and he said I could use it whenever I wanted to."

"Good!" cried Ned.

The two lads came from Tom's particular workshop. As the young
inventor closed the door he started suddenly, as he snapped shut
the lock.

"What's the matter?" asked Ned quickly.

"I thought I heard a noise," replied Tom.

They both listened. There was a slight rustling in some bushes
near the shop.

"It's a dog or a cat," declared Ned.

Tom took several cautious steps forward. Then he gave a spring,
and made a grab for some one or something.

"Here! You let me be!" yelled a protesting voice.

"I will when I find out what you mean by sneaking around here,"
retorted Tom, as he came back toward Ned, dragging with him a
lad. "It wasn't a dog or a cat, Ned," spoke the young inventor.
"It's Sam Snedecker," and so it proved.

"You let me alone!" demanded Andy Foger's crony. "I ain't done
nothin' to you," he whined.

"Here, Ned, you hold him a minute, while I make an
investigation," called Tom, handing his prisoner over to his
chum. "Maybe Pete or Andy are around."

"No, they ain't. I came alone," said Sam quickly, but Tom, not
heeding, opened the shop, and, after turning on the electric
lights, procured a lantern. He began a search of the shrubbery
around the shop, while Ned held to the struggling Sam.




CHAPTER V               A MIDNIGHT ENCOUNTER


The moment Tom disappeared behind his machine shop, Sam
Snedecker began a desperate struggle to escape from Ned Newton.
Now Ned was a muscular lad, but his work in the bank was
confining, and he did not have the chance to get out doors and
exercise, as Sam had. Consequently Ned had his hands full in
holding to the squirming crony of Andy Foger.

"You let me go!" demanded Sam, as he tried to twist loose.

"Not if I know it!" panted Ned.

Sam gave a sudden twist. Ned's foot slipped in the grass, and
in a moment he went down, with Sam on top of him. Still he did
not let go, and, finding he was still a prisoner Sam adopted new
tactics.

Using his fists Sam began to pound Ned, but the bank employee,
though suffering, would not call for help, to summon back Tom,
who was, by this time, at the rear of the shop, looking about.
Silently in the dark the two fought, and Ned found that Sam was
getting away. Then Ned's hand came in contact with Sam's ear. It
was the misfortune of the bully to have rather a large hearing
apparatus, and once Ned got his fingers on an ear there was room
enough to afford a good grip. He closed his hold tightly, and
began to twist. This was too much for Sam. He set up a lusty
howl.

"Wow! Ouch! Let go!" he pleaded, and he ceased to pound Ned,
and no longer tried to escape. Tom came back on the run.

"What's the matter?" he cried. Then his light flashed on the
two prostrate lads, and he understood without asking any further
questions.

"Get up!" he cried, seizing Sam by the back of his neck, and
yanking him to his feet. Ned arose, and secured a better grip on
the sneaking lad.

"What's up?" demanded Tom, and Ned explained, following it by
the question:

"See any more of 'em?"

"No, I guess he was here all alone," replied the young
inventor. "What do you mean by sneaking around here this time of
night?" he demanded of the captive.

"Don't you wish you knew?" was Sam's answer, with a leer. He
realized that he had a certain advantage.

"You'd better tell before I turn you over to the police!" said
Tom, sternly.

"You--you wouldn't do that; would you?" and Sam's voice that
had been bold, became shaky.

"You were trespassing on our property, and that's against the
law," declared Tom. "We have signs posted, warning people to keep
off."

"I didn't mean any harm," whined Sam.

"Then what were you doing here, at this hour?"

"I was just taking a short cut home. I was out riding with Andy
in his auto, and it broke down. I had to walk home, and I came
this way. I didn't know you didn't allow people to cross your
back lot. I wasn't doin' anything."

Tom hesitated. Sam might be telling the truth, but it was
doubtful.

"What happened to Andy's auto?" the young inventor asked.

"He broke a wheel, going over a big stone on Berk's hill. He
went to tell some one in the repair shop to go after the car, and
I came on home. You've got no right to arrest me."

"I ought to, on general principles," commented Tom. "Well, skip
out, and don't you come around here again. I'm going to get a
savage bull dog, and the first one who comes sneaking around here
after dark will be sorry. Move along now!"

Tom and Ned released their holds of Sam, and the latter lost no
time in obeying the injunction to make himself scarce. He was
soon lost to sight in the darkness.

"Think he was up to some mischief?" asked Ned.

"I'm almost sure of it," replied Tom, "but I can't see anything
wrong. I guess we were too quick for him. I believe he, Andy and
Pete Bailey tried to put up some job on me."

"Maybe they wanted to damage your new battery or car,"
suggested Ned.

"Hardly that. The car hasn't been started yet, and as for the
battery, no one knows of it outside of you and my friends here.
I'm keeping it secret. Well, if I'm going to take you home I'd
better get a move on. Wait here and I'll run out Mr. Damon's
car."

In a short time Tom was guiding the machine over the road to
Shopton, Ned on the seat beside him. The young assistant cashier
lived about a mile the other side of the village, and the two
chums were soon at his house. Asking his friend to come and see
him when he had a chance. Ned bid his chum good night, and the
young inventor started back home.

He was driving slowly along, thinking more of his new invention
than anything else, even more than of the mysterious visit of Sam
Snedecker, when the lights on Mr. Damon's car flashed upon
something big, black and bulky on the road just ahead of him.
Tom, brought suddenly out of his fit of musing, jammed on the
brakes, and steered to one side. Then he saw that the object was
a stalled auto. He had only time to note this when a voice hailed
him:

"Have you a tire pump you could lend us? Ours doesn't work, and
we have had a blowout."

There was something about the voice that was strangely
familiar, and Tom was wondering where he had heard it before,
when into the glare of the lamps on his machine stepped Mr.
Foger--Andy's father!

"Why, Mr. Foger!" exclaimed Tom. "I didn't know it was you."

"Oh, it's Tom Swift," remarked the man, and he did not seem
especially pleased.

"Hey! What's that?" cried another voice, which Tom had no
difficulty in recognizing as belonging to Andy. "What's the
matter, Dad?"

"Why it happens to be your--ahem! It's Tom Swift in this other
auto," went on Mr. Foger. "I didn't know you had a car," he
added.

"I haven't," answered the lad. "This belongs to Mr. Damon. But
can you see to fix your tire in the dark?" for Mr. Foger and his
son had no lamps lighted.

"Oh, we have it all fixed," declared the man, "and, just as we
were going to pump it up out lamps went out. Then we found that
our pump wouldn't work. If you have one I would be obliged for
the use of it," and he spoke somewhat stiffly.

"Certainly," agreed Tom, cheerfully, for he had no special
grudge against Mr. Foger, though had he known Andy's father's
plans, perhaps our hero would not have so readily aided him. The
young inventor got down, removed one of his oil lamps in order
that there might be some light on the operation, and then brought
over his pump.

"I heard you had an accident," said Tom, a chain of thoughts
being rapidly forged in his mind, as he thought of what Sam had
told him.

"You heard of it?" repeated Mr. Foger, while Andy was busy
pumping up the tire.

"Yes, a friend who was out riding with you said you had broken
a wheel on Berk's hill. But I see he was slightly wrong. You're a
good way from Berk's hill, and it's a tire that is broken, not a
wheel."

"But I don't understand," said Mr. Foger. "No friend has been
out riding with us. My son and I were out on a business trip,
and--"

"Come on, pop. I've got it all pumped up. Jump in. There's your
pump, Tom Swift. Much obliged," muttered Andy hastily.  It was
very evident that he wanted to prevent any further conversation
between his parent and Tom.

"But I don't understand," went on the banker, clearly puzzled.
"What friend gave you such information, Mr.--er--Tom Swift?"

"Sam Snedecker," replied the lad quickly. "I caught him
sneaking around my machine shop about an hour ago, and when I
asked him what he was doing he said he'd been out riding with
Andy, and that they broke a wheel. I'm glad it was only a blown-
out tire," and Tom's voice had a curious note in it.

"But there must be some mistake," insisted Mr. Foger. "Sam
Snedecker was not riding with us this evening. We have been over
to Waterfield--my son and I, and--"

"Come on, pop!" cried Andy desperately. "We must hurry home.
Mom will be worried."

"Yes, I think she will. But I can't understand why Sam should
say such a thing. However, we are much obliged for the use of
your pump, Swift, and--"

But Andy prevented any further talk by starting the car with
the muffler open, making a great racket, and he hurriedly drove
off, almost before his father was seated, leaving Tom standing
there in the road, beside his pump and lantern.

"So," mused the young inventor, "there's some game on. Sam
wasn't with Andy, yet Andy evidently knew where Sam was, or he
wouldn't have been so anxious to choke off talk. Mr. Foger knew
nothing of Sam, naturally. But why have Andy and his father been
on a midnight trip to Waterfield?"

That last question caused Tom to adopt a new line of thought.

"Waterfield," he mused. "That's where Mr. Damon lives. Mr.
Damon is a heavy depositor in the old bank. Mr. Foger is going to
start a new bank. I wonder if there's any connection there? This
is getting mysterious. I must keep my eyes open. I never expected
to meet Andy and his father tonight, any more than I expected to
find Sam Snedecker sneaking around my shop, but it's a good thing
I discovered both parties. I guess Andy must have had nervous
prostration when I was talking to his father," and Tom grinned at
the thought. Then, picking up the pump, and fastening the lantern
in place, he drove Mr. Damon's auto slowly back home.

Tom said nothing to his father or Mr. Sharp, the next morning,
about the incidents of the previous night. In the first place he
could not exactly understand them, and he wanted to devote more
time to thinking of them, before he mentioned the matter to his
parent. Another reason was that Mr. Swift was a very nervous
person, and the least thing out of the ordinary worried him. So
the young inventor concluded to keep quiet.

His first act, after going to look at the small motor, which
was being run with the larger, experimental storage battery, was
to get out pencil and paper.

"I've got to plan the electric auto now that my battery is in a
fair way to success," he said, for he noted that the one cell he
had constructed had done over twice as much mileage in
proportion, as had the small battery. "I'll soon start building
the car," mused Tom, "and then I'll enter it in the race. I must
write to that touring club and find how much time I have."

All that morning the young inventor drew plan after plan for an
electric runabout, and rejected them. Finally he threw aside
paper and pencil and exclaimed:

"It's no use. I can't think to-day. I'm dwelling too much on
what happened last night. I must clear my brain.

"I know what I'll do. I'll get in my motor-boat and take a run
over to Waterfield to see Mr. Damon. Maybe he's home by this
time. Then I can ask him what Mr. Foger wanted to see him about,
if he did call."

It was a fine May morning, and Tom was soon in his boat, the
Arrow, gliding over Lake Carlopa, the waters of which sparkled in
the sun. As he speeded up his craft, the lad looked about,
thinking he might catch sight of Andy Foger, for the bully also
owned a boat, called the Red Streak and, more than once, in spite
of the fact that Andy's craft was the more powerful, Tom had
beaten him in impromptu races. But there was no sign of his rival
this morning, and Tom kept on to Waterfield. He found that Mr.
Damon had not yet returned home.

"So far I've had my run for nothing," mused the youth. "Well, I
might as well spend the rest of the morning in the boat."

He swung his craft out into the lake, and headed back toward
Mansburg, intending to run up to the head of the body of water,
which offered so many attractions that beautiful morning.

As Tom passed a small dock he saw a girl just putting out in a
rowboat. The figure looked familiar and, having nothing special
to do, the lad steered over closer. His first view was confirmed,
and he called out cheerfully:

"Good morning, Miss Nestor. Going for a row?"

"Oh! Mr. Swift!" exclaimed the girl with a blush.  "I didn't
hear you coming. You startled me."

"Yes, the engine runs quite silently since I fixed it," resumed
Tom. "But where are you going?"

"I was going for a row," answered the girl, "but I have just
discovered that one of the oar locks is broken, so I am not going
for a row," and she laughed, showing her white, even teeth.

"That's too bad!" remarked the lad. "I don't suppose," he added
doubtfully, "that I could induce you to accept a motor-boat as a
substitute for a rowing craft, could I?" and he looked
quizzically at her.

"Are you asking me that as a hypothetical question?" she
inquired.

"Yes," said Tom, trying not to smile.

"Well, if you are asking for information, merely, I will say
that I could he induced to make such a change," and her face was
nearly as grave as that of the young inventor's.

"What inducement would have to be used?" he asked.

"Suppose you just ask me in plain English to come and have a
ride?" she suggested.

"All right, I will!" exclaimed the youth.

"All right, then I'll come!" she retorted with a laugh, and a
few minutes later the two were in the Arrow, making a pretty
picture as they speeded up the lake.




CHAPTER VI              BUILDING THE CAR


"Well," remarked Tom to himself, about two hours later, when he
had left Mary Nestor at her dock, and was on his way home, "I
feel better than I did, and now I must do some hard thinking
about my runabout. I want to get it the right shape to make the
least resistance." He began to make some sketches when he got
home, and at dinner he showed them to his father and Mr. Sharp.
He said he had gotten an idea from looking at the airship.

"I'm going to make the front part, or what corresponds to the
engine-hood in a gasolene car, pointed," he explained. "It will
be just like the front of the aluminum gas container of the
airship, only built of steel. In it will be a compartment for a
set of batteries, and there will be a searchlight there. From the
top of some supporters in front of the two rear seats, a slanting
sheet of steel will come right down to meet the sloping nose of
the car. First I was going to have curtains close over the top of
the driver's seat, but I think a steel covering, with a celluloid
opening will be better and make less wind resistance. I'll use
leather side curtains when it rains. Under the front seats will
be a compartment for more batteries, and there will be a third
place under the rear seats, where I will also carry spare wheels
and a repair kit. The motors will be slung under the body of the
car, amidships, and there will also be room for some batteries
there."

"How are you going to drive the car?" asked Mr. Sharp. "By a
shaft?"

"Chain drive," explained Tom. "I can get more power that way,
and it will be more flexible under heavy loads. Of course it will
be steered in the usual way, and near the wheel will be the
starting and reversing levers, and the gear handle."

"Gears!" exclaimed the aged inventor. "Are you going to gear an
electric auto? I never heard of that. Usually the motor directly
connected is all they use."

"I'm going to have two gears on mine," decided Tom.

"That's a new idea," commented the aeronaut.

"It is," admitted the lad, "and that's why my car is going to
be so speedy. I'll make her go a hundred miles an hour, if
necessary!"

"Nonsense!" exclaimed his father.

"I will!" cried the young inventor, enthusiastically. "You just
wait and see. I couldn't do it but for the gears, but by using
them I'll secure more speed, especially with the big reserve
battery power I'll have. I know I've got the right idea, and I'm
going to get right to work."

His father and Mr. Sharp were much interested, and closely
examined his sketches. In a few days Tom had made detailed
drawings, and the aged inventor looked at them critically. He had
to admit that his son's theory was right, though how it would
work out in practice was yet to be demonstrated. Mr. Swift
offered some suggestions for minor changes, as did Mr. Sharp, and
the lad adopted some of them. Then, with Mr. Jackson to help him,
work was started on constructing the car.

Certain parts of it could be better purchased in the open
market instead of being manufactured in Mr. Swift's shop, and
thus Tom was able to get his new invention into some sort of
shape sooner than would otherwise have been the case. He also
started making the batteries, many of which would be needed.

Gradually the car began to take form on the floor of Tom's
shop. It was rather a curious looking affair, the sharp forward
part making it appear like some engine of war, or a projectile
for some monster gun. But Tom cared little for looks. Speed,
strength and ease of control were the chief features the lad
aimed at, and he incorporated many new ideas into his electric
car.

He was busy in the shop, one morning, when, above the noise
caused by filing a piece of steel he heard some one exclaim:

"Bless my gizzard! If you aren't as busy as ever!"

"Mr. Damon!" cried Tom in delight. "When did you get back?"

"Last night," replied the eccentric man. "My wife and I stayed
longer than we meant to. And whom do you think we met when we
were off on our little trip?"

"Some of the Happy Harry gang?"

"Oh no. You'd never guess, so I'll tell you. It was Captain
Weston."

"Indeed! And how has he been since he went in the submarine
with us, and helped recover the gold from the wreck?"

"Very well. The first thing he said to me was: 'How is Tom
Swift and his father, if I may be permitted to ask?'"

"Ha! Ha!" laughed the lad, at the recollection of the odd sea
captain, who generally tagged on an apologetic expression to most
of his remarks.

"He was getting ready to take part in some South American
revolution," went on Mr. Damon. "He used most of his money that
he got from the wreck to help finance their cause."

"I must tell Mr. Sharp," went on the lad. "He'll be
interested."

"Anything new since I've been away?" asked the odd man. "Bless
my shoe laces, but I'm glad to get back!"

Tom told of the prospect of a new bank being started, and of
Sam's midnight visit, as well as the encounter with Mr. Foger and
Andy.

"I went over to see what Mr. Foger wanted of you," went on the
young inventor, "but you weren't home. Did he call?"

"The servant said he had been there, not once, but several
times," remarked Mr. Damon. "That reminds me. He left a note for
me, and I haven't read it yet. I'll do so now."

He tore open the letter, and hastily perused the contents.

"Ha!" he exclaimed. "So that's what he wanted to see me about!"

"What?" inquired Tom, with the privilege of and old friend.

"Mr. Foger says he's going to start a new bank, and he wants me
to withdraw my deposit from the old one, and put it in his
institution. Says he'll pay me bigger interest. And he adds that
some of the old employees have gone with him."

"I hope you're not going to change," spoke Tom, thinking of his
chum, Ned.

"Indeed I'm not. The old bank is good enough for me. By the
way, doesn't a friend of yours work there?"

"Yes, Ned Newton. I'm wondering how he'll be affected?"

"Don't you worry!" exclaimed Mr. Damon. "Bless my check book!
I'll speak to Pendergast about your friend. Maybe there'll be a
chance to advance him further. I've got some mortgages falling
due pretty soon, and I'll deposit the money from them in the old
bank. Then we'll see what we can do about Ned."

"They'll make you a bank director, if you keep on putting in
money," remarked our hero, with a smile.

"Not much they won't!" was the quick answer

"Bless my stocks and bonds! I've got trouble enough without
becoming a bank director.

My doctor says my liver is out of order again, and I've got to
eat a lemon every morning before breakfast."

"Eat a lemon?"

"Well, drink the juice! It's the same thing. But how is the
electric runabout coming on?"

"Pretty good."

"Have you entered it in the races yet?"

"No, but I've written for information. I have until September
to finish it. The races take place then."

"Let's see; they're on Long Island; aren't they? How do you
calculate to do; run from here to there?"

"No, Dad still has the cottage he rented when we built the
submarine and I think I'll make that my headquarters during the
race. It's easy to run from there over to the Long Island track.
They're building a new one, especially for the occasion.

"Well, I hope you win the prize. I must go to town now, as I
have to attend to some business. I don't s'pose you want to come
in my auto. I'm pretty sure something will break before I get
there, and I'd like to have you along to fix it."

"Sorry, but I'm afraid I can't go," replied the lad. "I must
get this car done, and then I've got to start on the batteries."

Mr. Damon rather reluctantly went off alone, looking anxiously
at his car, for the machine got out of order on every trip he
took.

It was a few days after this that Tom received a call from Ned
one evening. The bank employee's face wore a happy smile.

"What's the matter; some one left you a fortune?" asked Tom.

"Pretty nearly as good. I've got a better position."

"What? Have you left the old bank, and gone to the new one?"

"No, I'm still in the same bank, but I'm one of the two
cashiers now. Mr. Foger took several of the old employees when he
opened his new bank, and that left vacancies. I was promoted, and
so were one or two others. Mr. Damon spoke a good word for me."

"That's fine! He's a friend worth having."

"That's right. Your father also recommended me. But how are
things with you? Has Andy made any more trouble?"

"No, and I don't believe he will. I guess he'll steer clear of
me."

But Tom was soon to learn he was mistaken.




CHAPTER VII             TOM IS CAPTURED


Meanwhile the young inventor, aided by his father, Mr. Sharp
and Garret Jackson, the engineer, worked hard over his new car,
and the powerful batteries. A month passed, and such was the
progress made that Tom felt justified in making formal entry of
his vehicle for the races to be held by the Touring Club of
America.

He paid a contingent fee and was listed as one of the
competitors. As is usual in an affair of this kind, the promoters
of it desired publicity, and they sought it through the papers.

Consequently each new entrant's name was published. In addition
something was said about his previous achievements in the speed
line.

No sooner was the name of Tom Swift received by the officials
of the club, than it was at once recalled that young Swift had
had a prominent part in the airship Red Cloud, and the submarine
Advance. This gave an enterprising reporter a chance for a
"special" for the Sunday supplement of a New York newspaper.

Tom, it was stated, was building a car which would practically
annihilate distance and time, and there were many weird pictures,
showing him flying along without touching the ground, in a car,
the pictorial construction of which was at once fearful and
wonderful.

Tom and his friends laughed at the yarn, at first, but it soon
had undesirable results. The young inventor had desired to keep
secret the fact that he was building a new electric vehicle, and
a novel storage battery, but the article in the paper aroused
considerable interest. Many persons came a long distance, hoping
for a sight of the wonderful car, as pictured in the Sunday
supplement, but they had to be denied. The news, thus leaking
out, kept the Swift shops almost constantly besieged by many
curious ones, who sought, by various means, to gain admission.
Finally Tom and his father, after posting large signs, warning
persons to keep away, added others to the effect that undesirable
visitors might find themselves unexpectedly shocked by
electricity, if they ventured too close. This had the desired
effect, though the wires which were strung about carried such a
mild charge that it would not have harmed a child. Then the only
bothersome characters were the boys of the town, and, fearless
and careless lads, they persisted in hanging around the Swift
homestead, in the hope of seeing Tom dash away at the rate of
five hundred miles an hour, which one enthusiastic writer
predicted he would do.

"I've got a plan!" exclaimed Tom one day when the boys had been
particularly troublesome.

"What is it?" asked his father.

"We'll hire Eradicate Sampson to stand guard with a bucket of
whitewash. He'll keep the boys away."

The plan was put into operation, and Eradicate and his mule,
Boomerang, were installed on the premises.

"Deed an' Ah'll keep dem lads away," promised the colored man.
"Ah'll splash white stuff all ober 'em, if dey comes traipsin'
around me."

He was as good as his word, and, when one or two lads had
received a dose of the stuff, which punishment was followed by
more severe from home, for having gotten their clothes soiled,
the nuisance ceased, to a certain extent. Sam Snedecker and Pete
Bailey were two who received a liberal sprinkling of the lime,
and they vowed vengeance on Tom.

"And Andy Foger will help us, too," added Sam, as he withdrew,
after an encounter with Eradicate.

"Doan't let dat worry yo', Mistah Swift!" exclaimed the darkey.
"Jest let dat low-down-good-fo-nuffin' Andy Foger come 'round me,
an' Ah'll make him t'ink he's de inside ob a chicken coop, dat's
what Ah will."

Perhaps Andy heard of this, and kept away. In the meanwhile Tom
kept on perfecting his car and battery. From the club secretary
he learned that a number of inventors were working on electric
cars, and there promised to be many of the speedy vehicles in the
race.

After considerable labor Tom had succeeded in getting together
one set of the batteries. He had them completed one afternoon,
and wanted to give them a test that night. But, when he went to
his father's chemical laboratory for a certain powder, which he
needed to use in the battery solution, he found there was none.

"I'll have to ride in to Mansburg for some," he decided. "I'll
go after supper, on my motorcycle, and test the battery to-
night."

The young inventor left his house immediately after the evening
meal. Along the road toward Mansburg he speeded, and, as he came
to the foot of a hill, where once Andy Foger had put a big tree,
hoping Tom would run into it and be injured, the youth recalled
that circumstance.

"Andy has been keeping out of my way lately," mused Tom. "I
wonder if he's up to any mischief? I don't like the way Sam
Snedecker is hanging around the shop, either. It looks as if they
were plotting something. But I guess Eradicate and his pail of
whitewash will scare them off."

Tom got the powdered chemical he wanted in the drug store, and,
after refreshing himself with some ice cream soda, he started
back. As he rode along through the streets of the town he kept a
lookout, and those of you who know how fond the lad was of a
certain young lady, do not need to be told for whom he was
looking. But he did not see her, and soon turned into the main
highway leading to Shopton.

It was dark when he reached the hill, where once he had been so
near an accident, and he slowed up as he coasted down it, using
the brake at intervals.

Tom got safely to the bottom of the declivity, and was about to
turn on the power of his machine, when, from the bushes that
lined either side of the roadway, several figures sprang
suddenly. They ranged themselves across the road, and one cried:
"Halt!" in tones that were meant to be stern, but which seemed to
Tom, to tremble somewhat. The young inventor was so surprised
that he did not open the gasolene throttle, nor switch on his
spark. As a consequence his motor-cycle lost momentum, and he had
to take one foot from the pedal and touch the ground, to prevent
himself from toppling over.

"Hold on there!" cried another voice. "We've got you where we
want you, now! Hold on! Don't go!"

"I wasn't going to go," responded Tom calmly, trying to
recognize the voice, which seemed to be unnatural. "What do you
want, and who are you?"

"Never mind who we are. We want you and we've got you! Get off
that wheel!"

"I don't see why I should!" exclaimed Tom, and he suddenly
shifted his handle bars, so as to flash the bright headlight he
carried, upon the circle of dark figures that opposed his
progress. As the light flashed on them he was surprised to see
that all the figures wore masks over their faces.

Tom started. Was this the Happy Harry gang after him again? He
hoped not, yet the fact that the persons had on masks made the
hold-up have an ugly look. Once more Tom flashed the light on the
throng. There were exclamations of dismay.

"Douse that glim, somebody!" called a sharp voice, which Tom
could not recognize.

A stone came whizzing through the air, from some one in the
crowd. There was a smashing of glass as it hit the lantern, and
the road was plunged in darkness. Tom tried to throw one leg over
the saddle, and let down the supporting stand from the rear
wheel, so the motorcycle would remain upright without him holding
it. He determined to have revenge for that act of vandalism in
breaking his lamp.

But, just as he was free of the seat, he was surrounded by a
dozen persons, and several hands were laid on him.

"We've got you now!" some one fairly hissed in his ear. "Come
along, and get what's coming to you!"

Tom tried to fight, but he was overpowered by numbers and, a
little later, was dragged off into the woods in the darkness by
the masked figures. His arms were securely bound with ropes, and
a handkerchief was tied over his eyes. Tom Swift was a prisoner.




CHAPTER VIII            A BLINDING FLASH


Stumbling on through the dark woods, led by his captors, Tom
tried to pierce the gloom and identify the persons who had firm
grips on either side of him. But it was useless. A little light
sifted down from the starlit sky above, but it was not
sufficient. The young inventor was beginning to think, after all,
that he had fallen into the hands of the Happy Harry gang, and he
knew that if this was so he need expect no mercy.

But two things were against this belief. One was that the
principal members of the gang were still in jail, or at least
they were supposed to be, and another was that there were too
many of the captors. Happy Harry's crowd never numbered so many.

"Maybe they're highwaymen," thought our hero, as he was dragged
along  "But that can't be," he reasoned further. "If they wanted
to rob me they'd have done it back there in the road, and not
brought me off here in the woods. Besides, I haven't anything for
them to steal."

Suddenly Tom stumbled over a projecting root, and nearly fell,
dragging along with him the person who had hold of his left arm.

"Look out there! What's the matter with you?" exclaimed one of
the throng quickly, and at the sound of the voice Tom started.

"Andy Foger!" cried the young inventor, as he recovered
himself, for he had recognized the voice of the red-haired bully.
"What do you mean by holding me up in this way?" he demanded.

"Quiet!" urged a voice in his ear, and the tones were
unfamiliar. "Mention no names!"

"I'm on to your game!" retorted Tom. "I know you're here, Andy,
and Sam and Pete; and Jack Reynolds and Sid Holton," and he named
two rather loose-charactered lads, who were often in the company
of Andy and his cronies. "You'd better quit this nonsense," Tom
went on. "I'll cause the arrest of all of you if you make trouble
for me. I know who you are now!"

"You think you do," answered the voice in his ear, and the
young inventor concluded that it must be some lad whom he did not
know. "Nor is this nonsense," the other went on. "You are about
to receive the punishment due you."

Our hero did not answer, but he was doing some hard thinking.
He wondered why Andy and his crowd had captured him.

Suddenly the blackness of the woods was illuminated by the
fitful gleam of a distant fire. Tom could see more plainly now,
and he managed to count about ten dusky figures hurrying along,
four being close to him, to prevent his escape, and the others
running on ahead. The light became stronger, and, a moment later
the prisoner and his captors emerged into a little clearing,
where a fire was burning. Two figures, masked with black cloth,
as were all in the crowd, stood about the blaze, putting on
sticks of wood.

"Did you get him?" asked one of these figures eagerly.

"Yes, they got me, Sam Snedecker," answered Tom quickly,
recognizing Sam's tones. "And they'll wish they hadn't before I'm
done with them."

"Quiet!" ordered an unknown voice. "Members of the Deep Forest
Throng, the prisoner is here!" the lad went on.

"'Tis well, bind the captive to the sacrificial tree," was the
response from some one in the crowd.

Tom laughed. He was at ease now, for he recognized that those
who had taken him prisoner were all lads of Andy's character.
Most of them were Shopton youths, but some, evidently, were
strangers in town. Tom felt he had little to fear.

"Bring him over here," ordered one, and Tom cried out:

"You wouldn't be giving those orders, Andy Foger, if my arms
weren't tied. And if you'll untie me, I'll fight any two of you
at once," offered the young inventor fiercely, for he hated the
humiliation to which he was being subjected.

"Don't do it! Don't untie him!" begged some one.

"No danger, they won't. They're afraid to, Pete Bailey,"
replied Tom quickly, for he had recognized the voice of the other
one of Andy's particular cronies.

"Aw, he knows who we are," whispered Sam, but not so low but
that our hero heard him.

"No matter," was Andy's retort. "Let's go ahead with it. Tie
him to that tree."

It was useless for Tom to struggle. He was bound too tightly by
the rope, and the crowd was too many for him. In a few minutes he
was securely fastened to a tree, not far from the camp-fire,
which was replenished from time to time.

"Now for the judgment!" called one of the masked lads, in what
he meant to be a sepulchral tone. "What is the charge against the
prisoner? Brother Number One of the Deep Forest Throng, what is
your accusation?"

"He's a regular snob, that's what's the trouble,"  answered
Andy  Foger,  though whether he was "Brother Number One," did not
appear. "He's too fresh and--and--"

"I'll make you wish you felt fresh when I get hold of you,
Andy," murmured Tom.

"Quiet!" cried a tall lad. "What's the next charge?"

"He keeps an old colored man on guard at his place," was the
answer, and Tom had no difficulty in recognizing the voice of Sid
Holton. "The coon throws whitewash all over us. I got some of
it."

"You wouldn't have, if you'd minded your own business,"
retorted Tom. "It served you right!"

"What is the verdict on the prisoner?" asked one who seemed to
be the leader.

"I say let's tar and feather him!" cried Andy suddenly.
"There's a barrel of tar back in the woods here, and we can get
some feathers from a chicken coop. That would make him so he
wouldn't be so uppish, I guess!"

"That's right! Tar and feathers!" exclaimed several.

Our hero's heart sank. He was not afraid, but he did not relish
the indignity that was proposed. He resolved to fight to the last
ounce of his strength against the masked lads.

"Can we get a kettle to heat the tar in?" asked some one.

"We'll find one," answered Sam Snedecker. "Come on, let's do
it. You'll look pretty, Tom Swift, when we're through with you,"
he exulted.

Tom did not answer, but there was fierce anger in his heart.
The tar and feather proposal seemed to meet with general favor.

"Members of the Deep Forest Throng, we will hold a
consultation," proposed the leader, in his assumed deep voice.
"Come over here, to one side. Brother Number Six, guard the
prisoner well."

"There ain't no need to," answered a lad who had been
instructed to mount guard over Tom. "He's tied so tight he can't
move. I want to hear what you say."

"Very well then," assented the leader,  "But look to his
bonds."

The lad made a hasty examination of the ropes binding the young
inventor to the tree, and Tom was glad that the examination was a
hasty one. For he feared the guard might discover that one hand
had been worked nearly free. The young inventor had done this
while he leered at his captors.

Tom was not going to submit tamely to the nonsense, and from
the moment he had been tied, he had been trying to get loose. He
had nearly succeeded in freeing one hand when the crowd of masked
boys moved off to one side, where they presently began to talk in
excited whispers.

"I wonder how they came to catch me," thought the prisoner, as
he worked feverishly to further loosen the ropes. "This looks as
if it was a put-up job, with the masks, and everything."  Later
he learned that the idea was the outcome of a proposal of one of
the new arrivals in town. He had organized the "Deep Forest
Throng," as a sort of secret society, and Andy and his cronies
had been induced to join. It was Andy's proposal to capture Tom,
though, and, having seen him depart for Mansburg on his motor-
cycle, and knowing that he would return along a road that ran
near the woods where the Throng met, suggested that they take Tom
captive. The idea was enthusiastically received, and Andy and his
cronies thought they saw a chance to be revenged.

Tom, while he picked at the ropes, listened to what the boys
were saying. He heard frequent mention of tar and feathers, and
began to believe, that unless he could get free, while they were
off there consulting, he might be forced to submit to the
humiliating ordeal.

He managed to get one hand comparatively free, so that he could
move it about, but then he struck several hard knots, and could
make no further progress. The conference seemed on the point of
breaking up.

"One of you go for a big kettle to boil the tar in," ordered
the leader, "and the rest of you dig up some feathers."

"I must get loose!" thought Tom desperately. "If they try to
tar and feather me it will be a risky business. I've got to get
loose! They may burn me severely!"

But, though he tried with all his strength, the ropes would not
loosen another bit. He had one hand free, and that was all. The
crowd was moving back toward him.

"My knife!" thought the captive quickly. "If I can reach that
in my pocket I can cut the ropes! Once I get loose I'll fight the
whole crowd!"

He managed to get his free hand into his pocket. His fingers
touched something. It was not his knife, and, for a moment he
felt a pang of disappointment. Then, as he realized what it was
that he had grasped, a new idea came to him.

"This will be better than the knife!" he thought exultantly.
The crowd of lads was now surrounding him, some distance from the
fire, which burned in front of the captive.

"Sentence has been passed upon you," remarked the leader.
"Prepare to meet thy doom! Get the materials, brothers!"

"One moment!" called Tom, for he wanted the crowd all present
to witness what he was about to do. "I'll give you one chance to
let me go peaceably. If you don't--"

"Well, what will you do?" demanded Andy sneeringly, as he
pulled his mask further over his face. "I guess you won't do
anything, Tom Swift."

"I'll give you one chance to let me go, and I'll agree to say
nothing about this joke," went on Tom. "If you don't I'll blow
this place up!"

For a moment there was a silence.

"Ha! Ha! Ho! Ho!" laughed Sam Snedecker. "Listen to him! He'll
blow the place up! I'd like to see you do it! You can't get loose
in the first place, and you haven't anything to blow it up with
in the second. I'd like to see you do it; hey, fellers?"

"Sure," came the answering chorus.

"Would you?" asked Tom quickly. "Then watch. Stand back if you
don't want to get hurt, and remember that I gave you a chance to
let me go!"

Tom made a rapid motion with the hand he had gotten loose. He
threw something to ward the blazing fire, which was now burning
well. Something white sailed through the air, and fell amid the
hot embers.

There was a moment's pause, and then a blinding flash of blue
fire lighted up the woods, and a dull rumble, as when gun-powder
is lighted in the open followed. A great cloud of white smoke
arose, as the vivid blue glare died away, and it seemed as if a
great wind swept over the place. Several of the masked lads were
knocked down by the explosion, and when the rumble died away, and
deep blackness succeeded the intense blue light, there came cries
of pain and terror. The fire had been scattered, and extinguished
by the explosion which Tom, though still bound to the tree had
caused to happen in the midst of the Deep Forest Throng. Then, as
the smoke rolled away, Andy Foger cried:

"Come on, fellows! Something's happened. I guess a volcano blew
up!"




CHAPTER IX              TOM IS RESCUED


The Deep Forest Throng needed no urging to flee from the place
of the mysterious explosion. Their prisoner, helpless as he had
seemed, had proved too much for them. Slipping and stumbling
along in the darkness, the masked lads had but one thought--to
get away before they saw more of that blue fire, and the force of
the concussion.

"Gee! My eyebrows are all singed off!" cried Sam Snedecker, as
he tore loose his mask which had been rent in the explosion, and
felt of his face.

"And my hands are burned," added Pete Bailey. "I stood closer
to the fire than any of you."

"You did not! I got the worst of it!" cried Andy. "I was
knocked down by the explosion, and I'll bet I'm hurt somewhere. I
guess--Oh! Help! I'm falling in a mud hole!"

There was a splash, and the bully disappeared from the sight of
his companions who, now that the moon had risen, could better see
to flee from their prisoner.

"Help me out, somebody!" pleaded Andy. "I'm in a mud hole!"

They pulled him out, a sorry looking sight, and the red-haired
lad, whose locks were now black with muck, began to lament his
lot.

"Dry up!" commanded Sid Holton. "It's all your fault, for
proposing such a fool trick as capturing Tom Swift. We might have
known he would get the best of us."

"What was that stuff he used, anyhow?" asked Cecil Hedden, the
lad responsible for the organization of the Deep Forest Throng.
"He must be a wonder. Does he do sleight-of-hand tricks?"

"He does all sorts of tricks," replied Pete Bailey, feeling of
a big lump on his head, caused by falling on a stone in the mad
rush. "I guess we were chumps to tackle him. He must have put
some kind of chemical in the fire, to make it blow up."

"Or else he summoned his airship by wireless, and had that
balloonist, Mr. Sharp, drop a bomb in the blaze," suggested
another lad.

"But how could he do anything? Wasn't he tied fast to that
tree?" asked Cecil, the leader.

"You never know when you've got Tom Swift tied," declared Jack
Reynolds. "You think you've got him, and you haven't. He's too
slick for us. It's Andy's fault, for proposing to capture him."

"That's right! Blame it all on me," whined the squint-eyed
bully. "You was just as anxious as I was to tar and feather him."

"Well, we didn't do it," commented Pete Bailey, dryly. "I
s'pose he's loose now, laughin' at us. Gee, but that was an
explosion though! It's a wonder some of us weren't killed! I
guess I've had enough of this Deep Forest Throng business. No
more for mine."

"Aw, don't be afraid," urged Cecil. "The next time we get him
we'll be on our guard."

"You'll never catch Tom Swift again," predicted Pete.

"I'll go back now to where he is, if you will," agreed Cecil,
who was older than the others.

"Not much!" cried Pete. "I've had enough."

This seemed to be the sentiment of all. Away they stumbled
through the woods, and, emerging on the road, scattered to their
several homes, not one but who suffered from slight burns,
contusions, torn and muddy clothes or injured feelings as the
outcome of the "joke" on the young inventor.

But our hero was not yet free from the bonds of his enemies.
When they scattered and ran, after the vivid blue light, and the
dull explosion, which, being unconfined, did no real damage, Tom
was still fast to the tree. As his eyes became accustomed to the
semi-darkness that followed the glare, he remarked:

"Well, I don't know that I'm much better off. I gave those
fellows a good scare, but I'm not loose. But I can work to better
advantage now."

Once more he resumed the effort to free himself, but in spite
of the crude manner in which the knots had been made, the lad
could not get loose. The more he pulled and tugged the tighter
they seemed to become.

"This is getting serious," Tom mused. "If I could only reach my
knife I could cut them, but it's in my pocket on the other side,
and that bond's fast. Guess I'll have to stay here all night.
Maybe I'd better call for help, but--"

His words, spoken half aloud, were suddenly interrupted by a
crash in the underbrush. Somebody was approaching. At first Tom
thought it was Andy and his cronies coming back, but a voice that
called a moment later proved that this was not so.

"Is any one here?" shouted a man. "Any one hurt? What was that
fire and explosion?"

"I'm here," replied Tom. "I'm not hurt exactly, but I'm tied to
a tree. I'll be much obliged if you'll loosen me."

"Who are you?"

"Tom Swift. Is that you, Mr. Mason?"

"Yes. By jinks! I never expected to find you here, Tom. Over
this way, men," he added calling aloud. "I've found him; it's Tom
Swift."

There was the flicker of several lanterns amid the trees, and
soon a number of men had joined Mr. Mason, and surrounded Tom.
They were farmers living in the neighborhood.

"What in the name o' Tunket happened?" asked one. "Did you get
hit by a meteor or a comet? Who tied you up; highwaymen?"

"Cut him loose first, and ask questions afterward," suggested
Mr. Mason.

"Yes," added Tom, with a laugh, "I wish you would. I'm
beginning to feel cramped."

With their knives, the farmers quickly cut the ropes, and some
of them rubbed the arms of the lad to restore the circulation.

"What was it--highwaymen?" asked a man, unable to longer
restrain his curiosity. "Did they rob you?"

"No, it wasn't highwaymen," replied the youth. "It was a trick
of some boys I know," and to Tom's credit be it said that he did
not mention their names. "They did it for a joke," he added.

"Boys' trick? Joke?" queried Mr. Mason. "Pretty queer sort of a
joke, I think. They ought to be arrested."

"Oh, I fancy I gave them what was coming to them," went on the
young inventor.

"Did they try to blow ye up, too?" asked Mr. Hertford. "What in
th' name of Tunket was that blue light, and that explosion? I
heard it an' saw it way over to my house."

"So did I," remarked Mr. Mason, and several others said the
same thing. "We thought a meteor had fallen," he continued, "and
we got together to make an investigation."

"It's a good thing for me you did," admitted Tom, "or I might
have had to stay here all night."

"But was it a meteor?" insisted Mr. Hertford.

"No," replied the lad, "I did it."

"You?"

"Yes. You see after they tied me I found I could get one hand
free. I reached in my pocket for my knife, but instead of it I
managed to get hold of a package of powder I had."

"Gunpowder?" asked Mr. Mason.

"No, a chemical powder I use in an electrical battery. The
powder explodes in fire, and makes quite a blue flash, and a lot
of smoke, but it isn't very dangerous, otherwise I wouldn't have
used it. When the boys were some distance away from the fire, I
threw the powder in the blaze. It went off in a moment, and--"

"I guess they run some; didn't they?" asked Mr. Mason with a
laugh.

"They certainly did," agreed Tom.




CHAPTER X               TOM HAS A FALL


The young inventor told more details of his adventure in the
woods, but, though the farmers questioned him closely, he would
not give a single name of his assailants.

"But I should think you'd want to have them punished," remarked
Mr. Mason.

"I'll attend to that part later," answered Tom. "Besides, most
of them didn't know what they were doing. They were led on by one
or two. No, I'll fight my own battles. But I wish you'd lend me a
lantern long enough to find my motor-cycle. The moon doesn't give
much light in the woods, and those fellows may have hidden my
machine."

Mr. Mason and his companions readily agreed to accompany Tom on
a search for his wheel. It was found just where he had dismounted
from it in the road. Andy and his cronies had evidently had
enough of their encounter with our hero, and did not dare to
annoy him further.

"Do you think you can ride home?" asked one of the farmers of
the lad, when he had ascertained that his machine was in running
order.

"Well, it's risky without my lantern," answered Tom. "They
smashed that for me. But I guess I can manage."

"No, you can't!" insisted Mr. Mason. "You're stiff from being
tied up; and you can't ride. Now you just wheel that contraption
over to my place, and I'll hitch up and take you home. It isn't
far."

"Oh, I couldn't think of troubling you," declared Tom. At the
same time he felt that he was in no condition to ride.

"It's no trouble at all," insisted Mr. Mason. "I guess your
father and I are good enough friends to allow me to have my way.
You can come over and get your choo-choo bicycle in the morning."

A little later Tom was being rapidly driven toward his home,
where he found his father and Mrs. Baggert, to say nothing of Mr.
Sharp, somewhat alarmed over his absence, as it was getting late.
The youth told as much of his adventure as he thought would not
alarm his father, making a sort of joke of it, and, later,
related all the details to the balloonist.

"We'll have to get after Andy again," declared the aeronaut.
"He needs another toning down."

"Yes, similar to the one he got when we nearly ran away with
his automobile, by catching the airship anchor on it," added Tom
with a laugh. "But I fancy Andy will steer clear of me for a
while. I'm sorry I had to use up that chemical powder, though.
Now I can't start my battery until to-morrow." But the next day
Tom made up for lost time, by working from early until late. He
went over to Mr. Mason's, got his motor-cycle, procured some more
of the chemical, and soon had his storage battery in running
order. Then he arranged for a more severe test, and while that
was going on he worked at completing the body of the electric
runabout. The vehicle was beginning to look like a car, though it
was not of the regulation pattern.

For the next week Tom was very busy, so occupied, in fact, that
he scarcely took time for his meals, which caused Mrs. Baggert no
little worriment, for she was a housekeeper who liked to see
others enjoy her cooking.

"Well, Tom, how are you coming on?" asked his father one night,
as they sat on the porch, Mr. Sharp with them.

"Pretty well, Dad," was the answer of the young inventor. "I'll
put the wheels on tomorrow, and then set the batteries. I've got
the motor all finished; and all I'll have to do will be to
connect it up, and then I'll be ready for a trial on the road."

"And you still think you'll beat all records?"

"I'm pretty sure of it, Dad. You see the amperage will be
exceptionally high, and my batteries will have a large amount of
reserve, with little internal resistance. But do you know I'm so
tired I can hardly think. It's more of a job than I thought it
would be."

Tom, a little later, strolled down the road. As he turned back
toward the house and walked up the shrubbery lined path he heard
a noise.

"Some one's hiding in there!" thought the lad, and he darted to
an opening in the hedge to reach the other side. As he did so he
saw a figure running away. Whether it was a man or a boy he could
not tell in the darkness.

"Hold on there!" cried the young inventor, but, naturally, the
fleeing one did not stop. Tom began to sprint, and as it was
slightly down hill, he made good time. The figure ahead of him
was running well, too, but Tom who could see better, now that he
was out from under the trees, noticed that he was gaining. The
fleeing one came to a little brook, and hesitated a moment before
leaping across. This enabled Tom to catch up, and he made a grab
for the figure, just as the man or boy sprang across the little
stream.

Tom missed his grip, but he was not going to give up. He
scarcely slackened his speed, but, with the momentum he had
acquired in racing down the hill, he, too, leaped across the
brook. As he landed on the other side he made another grab for
the figure, a man, as Tom could now see, but he could make out no
features, as the person's hat was pulled down over his face.

"I've got you now!" cried Tom exultantly, reaching out his
hand. His fingers clutched something, but the next instant the
young inventor went sprawling. The other had put out his foot,
and tripped him neatly and, Tom throwing out his hands to save
himself in the fall that was inevitable, went splashing into the
brook at full length. The unknown, pausing a moment to view what
he had done, turned quickly and raced off in the darkness.




CHAPTER XI              CROSSED WIRES


More surprised than hurt, and with a feeling of chagrin and
anger at the trick which had been played on him, Tom managed to
scramble out of the brook. The water was not deep, but he had
splashed in with such force that he was wet all over. And, as he
got up, the water drip-ping from his clothes, the lad was
conscious of a pain in his head. He put up his hand, and found
that contact with a stone had raised a large lump on his
forehead. It was as big as a hen's egg.

"Humph! I'll be a pretty sight to-morrow," murmured Tom. "I
wonder who that fellow was, anyhow, and what he wanted? He
tripped me neatly enough, whoever he was. I've a good notion to
keep on after him."

Then, as he realized what a start the fleeing one had, the
young inventor knew that it would be fruitless to renew the
chase. Slowly he ascended the sloping bank, and started for home.
As he did so he realized that he had, clasped in his fingers,
something he had grabbed from the person he was pursuing just
before his unlucky tumble.

"It's part of his watch chain!" exclaimed Tom, as he felt of
the article. "I must have ripped it loose when I fell. Wonder
what it is? Evidently some sort of a charm. Maybe it will be a
clue."  He tried to discern of what style it was, but in the dark
woods this was impossible. Then the lad tried to strike a match,
but those in his pocket had become wet from his unexpected bath.
"I'll have to wait until I get home," he went on, and he hastened
his steps, for he was anxious to see what he had torn loose from
the person who appeared to be spying on him.

"Why Tom, what's the matter?" exclaimed Mrs. Baggert, when he
entered the kitchen, dripping water at every step. "Is it raining
outside? I didn't hear any storm."

"It was raining where I was," replied Tom angrily. "I fell in
the brook. It was so hot I thought I'd cool off."

"With your best suit on!" ejaculated the housekeeper.

"It isn't my best," retorted the lad. "But I went in before I
thought. It was an accident; I fell," he added, lest Mrs. Baggert
take his joking remarks seriously. He did not want to tell her of
the chase.

The chief concern of the lad now was to look at the charm and,
as soon as Mrs. Baggert's attention was attracted elsewhere, Tom
glanced at the object he still held tightly clenched in his hand.
As the light from the kitchen fell upon it he could hardly
repress an exclamation of astonishment.

For the charm that he held in his hand was one he had seen
before dangling from the watch chain of Addison Berg, the agent
for Bentley & Eagert, submarine boat builders, which firm had, as
told in "Tom Swift and His Submarine," tried unsuccessfully to
secure the gold treasure from the sunken wreck. Berg and his
associates had even gone so far as to try to disable the Advance,
the boat of Tom and his father, by ramming her when deep down
under the ocean, but Mr. Swift's use of an electric cannon had
broken the steering gear of the Wonder, the rival craft, and from
that time on Tom and his friends had a clear field to search for
the bullion held fast in the hold of the Boldero. "Addison Berg,"
murmured Tom, as he looked at the watch charm. "What can he be
doing in this neighborhood? Hiding, too, as if he wanted to
overhear something. That's the way he did when we were building
our submarine, and now he's up to the same trick when I'm
constructing my electric car. I'm sure this charm is his. It is
such a peculiar design that I'm positive I can't be mistaken. I
thought, when I was chasing after him, that it would turn out to
be Andy Foger, or some of the boys, but it was too big for them.
Addison Berg, eh? What can he be doing around here? I must not
tell Dad, or he'd worry himself sick. But I must be on my guard."

Tom examined the charm closely. It was a compass, but made in
an odd form, and was much ornamented.

The young inventor had noticed it on several occasions when he
had been in conversation with Mr. Berg previous to the attempt on
the part of the owners of the rival submarine to wreck Tom's
boat. He felt that he could not be mistaken in identifying the
charm.

"Berg was afraid I'd catch him, and ask for an explanation that
would have been awkward to make," thought the lad, as he turned
the charm over in his hand. "That's why he tripped me up. But
I'll get at the bottom of this yet. Maybe he wants to steal my
ideas for an electric car."

Tom's musings were suddenly interrupted by Mrs. Baggert.

"I hope you're not going to stand there all night," she said,
with a laugh. "You're in the middle of a puddle now, but when you
get over dreaming I'd like to mop it up."

"All right," agreed the young inventor, coming to himself
suddenly. "Guess I'd better go get some dry clothes on."

"You'd better go to bed," advised Mrs. Baggert. "That's where
your father and Mr. Sharp are. It's late."

The more Tom thought over the strange occurrence the more it
puzzled him. He mused over the presence of Berg as he went about
his work the next day, for that it was the agent whom he had
pursued he felt positive.

"But I can't figure out why he was hanging around here," mused
Tom.

Then, as he found that his thoughts over the matter were
interfering with his work, he resolutely put them from him, and
threw himself energetically into the labor of completing his
electric car. The new batteries, he found, were working well, and
in the next two days he had constructed several more, joining
them so as to get the combined effect.

It was the afternoon of the third day from Tom's unexpected
fall into the brook that the young inventor decided on the first
important test of his new device. He was going to try the motor,
running it with his storage battery. Some of the connections were
already in place, the wires being fastened to the side of the
shop, where they were attached to switches. Tom did not go over
these, taking it for granted that they were all right. He soon
had the motor, which he was to install in his car, wired to the
battery, and then he attached a gauge, to ascertain, by
comparison, how many miles he could hope to travel on one
charging of the storage battery.

"Guess I'll call Dad and Mr. Sharp in to see how it works,
before I turn on the current," he said to himself. He was about
to summon his parent and the aeronaut from an adjoining shop,
where they were working over a new form of dynamo, when the lad
caught sight of the watch charm he had left on his desk, in plain
sight.

"Better put that away," he remarked. "Dad or Mr. Sharp might
see it, and ask questions. Then I'd have to explain, and I don't
want to, not until I get further toward the bottom of this
thing."

He put the charm away, and then summoned his father and the
balloonist.

"You're going to see a fine experiment," declared Tom. "I'm
going to turn on the full strength of my battery."

"Are you sure it's all right, Tom?" asked his father. "You
can't be too careful when you're dealing with electricity of high
voltage, and great ampere strength.

"Oh, it's all right, Dad," his son assured him "Now watch my
motor hum."

He walked over to a big copper switch, and grasped the black
rubber handle to pull it over which would send the current from
the storage battery into the combination of wheels and gears that
he hoped, ultimately, would propel his electric automobile along
the highways, or on a track, at the rate of a hundred miles an
hour.

"Here she goes!" cried Tom. For an instant he hesitated and
then pulled the switch. At the same time his hand rested on
another wire, stretched across a bench.

No sooner had the switch closed than there was a blinding
flash, a report as of a gun being fired, and Tom's body seemed to
straighten out. Then a blue flame appeared to encircle him and he
dropped to the floor of the shop, an inert mass.

"He's killed!" cried Mr. Swift, springing forward.

"Careful!" cautioned the balloonist. "He's been shocked! Don't
touch him until I turn off the current!"  As he pulled out the
switch, the aeronaut gave a glance at the apparatus.

"There's something wrong here!" he cried. "The wires have been
crossed! That's what shocked Tom, but he never made the wrong
connections! He's too good an electrician! There's been some one
in this shop, changing the wires!"




CHAPTER XII             THE TRY OUT


Once the current was cut off it was safe to approach the body
of the young inventor. Mr Sharp stooped over and lifted Tom's
form from the floor, for Mr. Swift was too excited and trembled
too much to be of any service. Our hero was as one dead. His body
was limp, after that first rigid stretching out, as the current
ran through him; his eyes were closed, and his face was very
pale.

"Is--is there any hope?" faltered Mr. Swift.

"I think so," replied the balloonist. "He is still breathing-
faintly. We must summon a doctor at once. Will you telephone for
one, while I carry him in the house?"

As Mr. Sharp emerged from the shop, bearing Tom's body, an
automobile drew up in front of the place.

"Bless my soul!" exclaimed a voice. "Tom's hurt! How did it
happen? Bless my very existence!"

"Oh, Mr. Damon, you're just in time!" exclaimed Mr. Sharp,
"Tom's had a bad shock. Will you go for a doctor in your auto?"

"Better than that! Let me take Tom in the car to Dr.
Whiteside's office," proposed the eccentric man. "It will be
better that way."

"Yes, yes," agreed Mr. Swift eagerly. "Put Tom in the auto!"

"If only it doesn't break down," added Mr. Damon fervently.
"Bless my spark plug, but it would be just my luck!"

But they started off all right, Mr. Swift riding in front with
Mr. Damon, and Mr. Sharp supporting Tom in the tonneau. Only a
little fluttering of the eyelids, and a slow, faint breathing
told that Tom Swift still lived.

Mr. Damon never guided a car better than he did his auto that
day. Several speed laws were broken, but no one appeared to stop
them, and, in record time they had the young inventor at the
physician's house. Fortunately Dr. Whiteside was at home, and,
under his skillful treatment Tom was soon out of danger. His
heart action was properly started, and then it was only a
question of time. As the doctor had plenty of room it was decided
to let the lad remain that night, and Tom was soon installed in a
spare bedroom, with the doctor's pretty daughter to wait on him
occasionally.

"Oh, I'm all right," the youth insisted, when Miss Whiteside
told him it was time for his medicine. "I'm all right."

"You're not!" she declared. "I ought to know, for I'm going to
be a nurse, some day, and help papa. Now take this or I'll have
to hold your nose, as they do the baby's," and she held out a
spoonful of unpleasant looking mixture, extending her dainty
forefinger and thumb of her other hand, as if to administer dire
punishment to Tom, if he did not obey.

"Well, I give in to superior strength," he said with a laugh,
as he noted, with approval, the laughing face of his nurse.

Then he fell into a deep sleep, and was so much better the next
morning that he could be taken home in Mr. Damon's auto.

"But mind, no hard work for three or four days," insisted the
physician. "I want your heart to get in shape for that big race
you were telling me about. The shock was a severe strain to it."

Tom promised, reluctantly, and, though he did no work, his
first act, on reaching home, was to go out to the shop, to
inspect the battery and motor. To his surprise the motor was
running for the lad had established the connection, in spite of
his shock and his father and Mr. Sharp had decided to let the
machinery run until he came back.

"And look at the record it's made!" cried Tom delightedly as he
glanced at the gauge "Better than I figured on. That battery is a
wonder. I'll have the fastest electric runabout you ever saw."

"If the wires don't get crossed again," put in Mr. Sharp.
"You'd better make an examination, Tom," and, for the first time,
the young inventor learned how he had been shocked.

"Crossed wires! I should say they were crossed!" he exclaimed
as he looked at the switches and copper conductors. "Somebody has
been tampering with them. No wonder I was shocked!"

"Who did it?" asked Mr. Sharp.

Tom considered for a moment, before answering. Then he said:

"I believe it was Addison Berg. He must have wanted to do some
damage, to get even with us for getting that treasure away from
him."

"Berg?" questioned the balloonist, and Tom told of the night he
had been tripped into the brook, and exhibited the watch charm he
had secured. Mr. Sharp recognized it at once. A further
examination confirmed the belief that the submarine agent had
sneaked into Tom's workshop, and had altered the wires.

"They were all right when I came out of the shop that night,"
declared Tom. "I left the old connections just as I thought I had
arranged them, and only added the new ones, when I went to try my
battery. The old connections were crossed, but I didn't notice
it. Then when I turned on the current I got the shock. I don't
s'pose Berg thought I'd be so nearly killed. Probably he wanted
to burn out my motor, and spoil it. If it was Andy Foger I could
understand it, but a man like Berg--"

"He's probably wild with anger because his submarine got the
worst of it in the race for the gold," interrupted the
balloonist. "Well, we'll have to be on our guard, that's all.
What was the matter with Eradicate, that he didn't see him enter
the shop?"

"Rad went to a colored dance that night," said Tom. "I let him
off. But after this I'll have the shop guarded night and day. My
motor might have been ruined, if that first charge hadn't gone
through my body instead of into the machinery."  The improper
connections were soon removed and others substituted.

It was agreed between Tom and Mr. Sharp that they would say
nothing regarding Mr. Berg to Mr. Swift. The aeronaut caused
cautious inquiries to be made, and learned that the agent had
been discharged by the submarine firm, because of some wrong-
doing in connection with the craft Wonder, and it was surmised
that the agent believed Tom to be at the bottom of his troubles.

In a few days the young inventor was himself again, and as
further trials of his battery showed it to be even better than
its owner hoped, arrangements were made for testing it in the car
on the road.

The runabout was nearly finished, but it lacked a coat of
varnish, and some minor details, when Tom, assisted by his
father, Mr Sharp and Mr. Jackson, one morning, about a week
later, installed the motor and battery units. It did not take
long to gear up the machinery, connect the battery and, though
the car was rather a crude looking affair, Tom decided to give it
a try-out

"Want to come along, Dad?" he asked, as he tightened up some
binding posts, and looked to see that the steering wheel,
starting and reverse levers worked properly, and that the side
chains were well lubricated.

"Not the first time," replied his father. "Let's see how it
runs with you, first."

"Oh, I want some sort of a load in it," went on the lad. "It
won't be a good test unless I have a couple of others besides
myself. How about you, Mr. Damon?" for the old gentleman was
spending a few days at the Swift homestead.

"Bless my shoe buttons! I'll come!" was the ready answer.
"After the experience I've been through in the airship and
submarine, nothing can scare me. Lead on, I'll follow!"

"I don't suppose you'll hang back after that; will you, Mr.
Sharp?" asked the lad, with a laugh.

"I don't dare to, for the sake of my reputation," was the
reply, for the balloonist who had made many ascensions, and
dropped thousands of feet in parachutes, was naturally a brave
man.

So he and Mr. Damon climbed into the rear seats of the odd-
looking electric car, while Tom took his place at the steering
wheel.

"Are you all ready?" he asked.

"Let her go!" fired back Mr. Sharp.

"Bless my galvanometer, don't go too fast on the start,"
cautioned Mr. Damon, nervously.

"I'll not," agreed the young inventor. "I want to get it warmed
up before I try any speeding."

He turned on the current. There was a low, humming purr, which
gradually increased to a whine, and the car moved slowly forward.
It rolled along the gravel driveway to the road, Tom listening to
every sound of the machinery, as a mother listens to the
breathing of a child.

"She's moving!" he cried.

"But not much faster than a wheelbarrow," said his father, who
sometimes teased his son.

"Wait!" cried the youth.

Tom turned more current into the motor. The purring and humming
increased, and the car seemed to leap forward. It was in the road
now, and, once assured that the steering apparatus was working
well, Tom suddenly turned on much more speed.

So quickly did the electric auto shoot forward that Mr. Damon
and Mr. Sharp were jerked back against the cushions of the rear
seats.

"Here! What are you doing?" inquired Mr. Sharp.

"I'm going to show you a little speed," answered Tom.

The car was now moving rapidly, and there was a smoothness and
lightness to its progress that was absent from a gasolene auto.
There was no vibration from the motor. Faster and faster it ran,
until it was moving at a speed scarcely less than that of Mr.
Damon's car, when it was doing its best. Of course that was not
saying much, for the car owned by the odd gentleman was not a
very powerful one, but it could make fast time occasionally.

"Is this the best you can do?" asked Mr. Damon. "Not that it
isn't fast," he hastened to add, "and I was wondering if it was
your limit."

"Not half!" cried Tom, as he turned on a little more power.
"I'm not trying for a record to-day. I just want to see how the
battery and motor behaves."

"Pretty well, I should say," commented Mr. Sharp.

"I'm satisfied--so far," agreed the lad.

They were now moving along the highway at a good speed--moving
almost silently, too, for the motor, save for a low hum, made no
noise. So quiet was the car, in fact, that it was nearly the
cause of a disaster. Tom was so interested in the performance of
his latest invention, that, before he knew it, he had come up
behind a farmer, driving a team of skittish horses. As the big
machine went past them, giving no warning of its approach, the
steeds reared up, and would have bolted, but for the prompt
action of the driver.

"Hey!" he cried, angrily, as Tom speeded past, "don't you know
you got to give warnin' when you're comin' with one of them ther
gol-swizzled things! By Jehossephat I'll have th' law on ye ef ye
do thet ag'in!"

"I forgot to ring the bell," apologized Tom, as he sent out a
peal from the gong, and then, he let out a few more amperes, and
the speed increased.

"Hold on! I guess this is fast enough!" cried Mr. Damon, as his
hat blew off.

"Fast?" answered Tom. "This is nothing to what I'll do when I
use the full power. Then I'll--"

He was interrupted by a sharp report, and a vivid flash of fire
on a switch board near the steering wheel. The motor gave a sort
of groan, and stopped, the car rolling on a little way, and then
becoming stationary.

"Bless my collar button!" ejaculated Mr. Damon.

"What's the matter?" inquired Mr. Sharp.

"Some sort of a blow-out," answered Tom ruefully, as he shoved
the starting handle over, trying to move the car. But it would
not budge. The new auto had "gone dead" on her first tryout. The
young inventor was grievously disappointed.




CHAPTER XIII            TOWED BY A MULE


"Bless my gizzard! Is it anything serious?" asked Mr. Damon.
"Will it blow up, or anything like that?"

"No," replied the lad, as he leaped out of the car, and began
to make an examination. Mr. Sharp assisted him.

"The motor seems to be all right," remarked the balloonist, as
he inspected it.

"Yes," agreed our hero, "and the batteries have plenty of power
left in them yet. The gauge shows that. I can't understand what
the trouble can be, unless--" He paused in his remark and uttered
an exclamation. "I've found it!" he cried.

"What?" demanded the aeronaut.

"Some of the fuses blew out. I turned on too much current, and
the fuses wouldn't carry it. I put them in to save the motor from
being burned out, but I didn't use heavy enough ones. I see where
my mistake was."

"But what does it mean?" inquired Mr. Damon.

"It means that we've got to walk back home," was Tom's
sorrowful answer. "The car is stalled, for I haven't any extra
fuses with me."

"Can't you connect up the battery by using some extra wire?"
asked Mr. Sharp. "I have some," and he drew a coil of it from his
pocket.

"I wouldn't dare to. It might be so heavy that it would carry
more current than the motor could stand. I don't want to burn
that out. No, I guess we'll have to walk home, or rather I will.
You two can stay here until I come back with heavier fuses. I'm
sorry."

Tom had hardly ceased speaking, when, from around the turn in
the road proceeded a voice, and, at the sound of it all three
started, for the voice was saying:

"Now it ain't no use fer yo' to act dat-a-way, Boomerang. Yo'
all ain't got no call t' git contrary now, jest when I wants t'
git home t' mah dinner. I should t'ink you'd want t' git t' de
stable, too. But ef yo' all ain't mighty keerful I'll cut down
yo' rations, dat's what I'se goin' to do. G'lang, now, dat's a
good feller. Ho! Ho! I knowed dat'd fetch yo' all. When yo' all
wiggles yo' ears dat-a-way, dat's a suah sign yo' all is gwine t'
move."

Then followed the sound of a rattletrap of a wagon approaching.

"Eradicate! It's Eradicate!" exclaimed Tom.

"And his mule, Boomerang!" added Mr. Sharp. "He's just in
time!" commented Mr. Damon with a sigh of relief, as the ancient
outfit, in charge of the aged colored man, came along. Eradicate
had been sent to Shopton to get a load of wood for Mr. Swift, and
was now returning. At the sight of the stalled auto the mule
pricked up his long ears, and threw them forward.

"Whoa dar, now, Boomerang!" cried Eradicate. "Doan't yo' all
commence t' gittin' skittish. Dat machine ain't gwine t' hurt
yo'. Why good  land a' massy! Ef 'tain't Mistah Swift!" cried the
colored man, as he caught sight of Tom. "What's de trouble?" he
asked.

"Broke down," answered the young inventor briefly. "You always
seem to come along when I'm in trouble, Rad."

"Dat's right," assented the darkey, with a grin. "Me an'
trouble am ole acquaintances. Sometimes she hits me a clip on de
haid, den, ag'in Boomerang, mah mule, gits it. He jest had his
trouble. Got a stone under his shoe, an' didn't want t' move. Den
when I did git him started he balked on me. But I'se all right
now. But I suah am sorry fo' you. Can't I help yo' all, Mistah
Swift?"

"Yes, you can, Rad," answered Tom. "Drive home as fast as you
can, and ask Dad to send back with you some of those fuses he'll
find on my work bench. He knows what I want. Hurry there and
hurry back."

Eradicate shook his head doubtfully.

"What's the matter? Don't you want to go?" asked Mr. Sharp, a
trifle nettled. "We can't get the car started until we have some
new fuses.."

"Oh, I wants t' go all right 'nuff, Mistah Sharp," was
Eradicate's prompt answer. "Yo' all knows I'd do anyt'ing t'
'blige yo' or Mistah Swift. But hits dish yeah mule, Boomerang. I
jest done promised him dat we were gwine home t' dinnah, an' he
'spects a manger full ob oats. Ef I got to Mistah Swift's house
wid him, I couldn't no mo' git him t' come back widout his
dinnah, dan yo' all kin git dat 'ar car t' move widout dem fusin'
t'ings yo' all talked about."

"Bless my necktie!" exclaimed Mr. Damon. "That's all nonsense!
You don't suppose that mule understands what you say to him, do
you? How does he know you promised him his dinner?"

"I doan't know how he know, Mistah Damon," replied Eradicate,
"but he do know, jest de same. I know hit would be laik pullin'
teeth an' wuss too, t' git Boomerang t' start back wid dem foosd
t'ings until after he's had his dinner. Wouldn't it, Boomerang?"

The mule waved his long ears as if in answer.

"Bless my soul, I believe he does understand!" cried Mr. Damon.

"Of course he do," put in the colored man. "I'se awful sorry.
Now if it were afternoon I could bring back dem what-d'ye-call-
'ems in a jiffy, 'cause Boomerang allers feels good arter he has
his dinnah, but befo' dat--" and Eradicate shook his head, as if
there was no more to be said on the subject.

"Well," remarked Tom, sadly, "I guess there's no help for it.
We'll have to walk home, unless you two want to wait until I can
ride back with Eradicate, and come back on my motor cycle. Then
I'll have to leave the cycle here, for I can't get it in the
car."

"Bless my collar button!" cried Mr. Damon. "It's like the
puzzle of the fox, the goose and the bag of corn on the banks of
a stream. I guess we'd better all walk."

"Hold on!" exclaimed Mr. Sharp. "Is your mule good and strong,
Eradicate?"

"Strong? Why dish yeah mule could pull a house ober--dat is
when he's got a mind to. An' he'd do most anyt'ing now, 'ca'se
he's anxious t' git home t' his dinnah; ain't yo' all,
Boomerang?"

Once more the mule waved his ears, like signal flags.

"Then I have a proposition to make," went on the balloonist.
"Unhitch the mule from the load of wood, and hitch him to the
auto. We've got some rope along, I noticed. Then the mule can
pull us and the runabout home."

"Good idea!" cried Mr. Damon.

"Dat's de racket!" ejaculated Eradicate. "I'll jest
sequesterate dish year load ob wood side ob de road, an' hitch
Boomerang to de auto."

Tom said nothing for a few seconds.  He gazed sadly at his
auto, which he hoped would win the touring club's prize. It was a
bitter pill for him to swallow.

"Towed by a mule!" he exclaimed, shaking his head, and smiling
ruefully. "The fastest car in this country towed by a mule! It's
tough luck!"

"'Tain't half so bad as goin' widout yo' dinnah, Mistah Swift!"
remarked Eradicate, as he began to harness the mule to the
electric runabout.

Boomerang made no objection to the transfer. He looked around
once or twice as he was being made fast to the auto and, when the
word was given he stepped out as if pulling home stalled cars was
his regular business. Tom sat beside Eradicate on the front seat,
and steered, while the colored man drove the mule, and Mr. Sharp
and Mr. Damon were in the "tonneau" seats as Tom called them.

"I hope no one sees us," thought Tom, but he was doomed to
disappointment. When nearly home he heard an auto approaching,
and in it were Andy Foger, Sam Snedecker and Pete Bailey. The
three cronies stared at the odd sight of Boomerang ambling along,
with his great ears flapping, drawing Tom's speedy new car.

"Ha! Ha!" laughed Andy. "So that's the motive power he's going
to use! Look at him, fellows. I thought his new electric, that
was going to beat my car, and win the prize, was to be two
hundred horse power. Instead it's one mule power! That's rich!"
and Andy's chums joined in the laugh at poor Tom.

The young imventor said nothing, for there was nothing he could
say. In dignified silence he passed the car containing his
enemies, they, meanwhile, jeering at him.

"Dat's all right," spoke Eradicate, sympathizing with his young
employer. "Maybe dey'll 'want a tow derselves some day, an' when
dey does, I'll make Boomerang pull 'em in a ditch."

But this was small comfort to Tom. He made up his mind, though,
that he would demonstrate that his car could do all that he had
claimed for it, and that very soon.




CHAPTER XIV             A GREAT RUN


Boomerang did not belie the reputation Eradicate had given him
as a beast of strength. Though the electric runabout was heavy,
the mule managed to move it along the road at a fair speed, with
the four occupants. Perhaps the animal knew that at the end of
his journey a good feed awaited him. At any rate they were soon
within sight of the Swift home.

Mr. Damon and Mr. Sharp refrained from making any comments that
might hurt Tom's feelings, for they realized the chagrin felt by
the young inventor in having his apparatus go back on him at the
first trial. But our hero was not the kind of a lad who is
disheartened by one failure, or even half a dozen.

The humor of the situation appealed to him, and, as he turned
the auto into the driveway, and noticed Boomerang's long ears
waving to and fro, he laughed.

The lad insisted on putting new fuses in the car before he ate
his dinner, and then, satisfied that the motor was once more in
running order, he partook of a hasty meal, and began making
several changes which he had decided were desirable. He finished
them in time to go for a little run in the car all alone on a
secluded road late that afternoon.

Tom returned, with eyes shining, and cheeks flushed with
elation.

"Well, how did it go? asked his father.

"Fine! Better than I expected," responded his son
enthusiastically. "When it gets to running smoothly I'll pass
anything on the road."

"Don't be too sure," cautioned Mr. Swift, but Tom only smiled.

There was still much to do on the electric runabout, and Tom
spent the next few days in adjusting the light steel wind-shield,
that was to come down over the driver's seat. He also put in a
powerful electric search-light, which was run by current from the
battery, and installed a new speedometer and an instrument to
tell how much current he was using, and how much longer the
battery would run without being exhausted. This was to enable him
to know when to begin re-charging it. When the current was all
consumed it was necessary to store more in the battery. This
could be done by attaching wires from a dynamo, or, in an
emergency by tapping an electric light wire in the street. But as
the battery would enable the car to run many miles on one
charging, Tom did not think he would ever have to resort to the
emergency charging apparatus. He had a new system for this, one
that enabled him to do the work in much less than the usual time.

With his new car still unpainted, and rather rough and crude in
appearance, the lad started out alone one morning, his father and
Mr. Sharp having declined to accompany him, on the plea of
business to attend to, and Mr. Damon not being at the Swift
house.

Tom rode about for several hours, giving his car several severe
tests in the way of going up hills, and speeding on the level. He
was proceeding along a quiet country road, in a small town about
fifteen miles from Shopton, when, as he flashed past the small
railroad station, he saw a familiar figure standing on the
platform.

"Why, Ned!" called Tom, "what are you doing over here?"

"I might ask the same thing of you. Is that your new car? It
doesn't look very new."

"Yes, this is it. I haven't had a chance to paint and varnish
it yet. But you ought to see it go. What are doing here, though?"

"I came over on some bank business. A customer here had some
bonds he wanted to dispose of and I came for them. You see we're
enlarging our business since the new bank started."

"Has it hurt your bank any?"

"Not yet, but Foger and his associates are trying hard to make
us lose money. Say, did you ever see such a place as this? I've
got to wait two hours for a train back to Shopton."

"No you haven't."

"Why not? Have they changed the timetable since I came over
this morning?"

"No, but you can ride back with me.  I'm going, and I'll show
you what my new electric car can do."

"Good!" cried the young bank cashier. "You're just in time. I
was wondering how I could kill two hours, but now I'll get in
your new car and--"

"And maybe we'll kill a few chickens, or a dog or two when we
get her speeded up," put in Tom, with a laugh in which Ned
joined.

The two lads, seated in the front part of the auto, were soon
moving down the hard highway. Suddenly Tom pulled a lever and the
steel wind-shield came sliding down from the top case, meeting
the forward battery compartment, and forming a sort of slanting
roof over the heads of the two occupants.

"Here! What's this?" cried Ned.

"We're going to hit it up in a few minutes," replied the young
inventor, "and I want to reduce the wind resistance."

"Oh, I thought maybe we were going through a bombardment. It's
all right, go ahead, don't mind me. I'm game."

There was a celluloid window in the steel wind-shield, and
through this the lads could observe the road ahead of them.

As they swung along it, the speed increasing, Ned saw an auto
ahead of them.

"Whose car is that?" he asked.

"Don't know," replied Tom. "We'll be up to it in about half a
minute, though."

As the electric runabout, more dilapidated looking than ever
from the layer of dust that covered it, passed the other auto,
which was a powerful car, the solitary occupant of it, a middle-
aged man, looked to one side, and, seeing the queer machine,
remarked:

"You fellows are going the wrong way to the junk heap. Turn
around."

"Is that so?" asked Tom, his eyes flashing at the cheap wit of
the man. "Why we came out here to show you the way!"

"Do you want to race?" asked the man eagerly, too eagerly, Ned
thought. "I'll give you a brush, if you do, and a handicap into
the bargain."

"We don't need it," replied the young inventor quickly.

"I'll wager fifty dollars I can beat you bad on this three-mile
stretch," went on the autoist. "How about it?"

"I'll race you, but I don't bet," answered Tom, a bit stiffly.

"Oh, be a sport," urged the man.

Tom shook his head. He had slowed down his machine, and was
running even with the gasolene car now. He noticed that it was a
new one, of six cylinders, and looked speedy. Perhaps he was
foolish to pit his untried car against it. Yet he had confidence
in his battery and motor.

"Well, we'll race for the fun of it then," went on the man. "Do
you want a handicap?"

Tom shook his head again, and there came around his mouth a
grim look.

"All right," assented the other. "Only you're going to be beat
badly. I never saw an electric car yet that could do anything
except to crawl along."

"You're going to see one now," was all the retort Tom permitted
himself.

"Here we go then!" cried the man, and he gave his gear handle a
yank, and shoved over the sparking and gasolene levers.

His car instantly shot ahead, and went "chug chugging" down the
road in a cloud of dust. At the same moment Tom, in answer to a
look from Ned, who feared his friend was going to be left behind,
turned more power into the motor. The humming, purring sound
increased and the electric car forged ahead.

"Can you catch him?" asked Ned.

"Watch," was all Tom said.

The hum of the motor became a sort of whine, and the electric
rapidly acquired speed. It crept up on the gasolene car, as an
express train overtakes a freight, and the man, looking back, and
expecting to see his rival far behind was surprised to note the
queer looking vehicle lapping his rear wheels.

"Well, you are coming on, aren't you?" he asked. "Maybe you'll
keep up now!" He shifted the gears, using a little more gasolene.
For a moment his car opened a wide gap between it and Tom's, but
the young inventor had only begun to race. Still louder purred
the motor, and in a few minutes Tom was running on even terms
with his competitor. The man looked annoyed, and tried, by the
skilful use of gasolene and sparking levers, to leave Tom behind.
But the electric held her own.

"I've got to go the limit I see," remarked the man at last,
glancing sideways at the other car. "I'll tell 'em you're
coming," he added, "though I must say your electric does better
than any of its kind I ever came across."

"I'm not done yet," was the comment of our hero. But the man
did not hear him, for he was yanking into place the lever that
enabled him to run on direct drive for fourth speed.

Forward shot his car, and, for perhaps a quarter of a mile it
led. The racers were almost at the end of the three-mile level
stretch of road, and if Tom was going to win the impromptu
contest it seemed high time he began.

"Can you catch him?" asked Ned anxiously.

"Watch," was his chum's reply. "I haven't used my high speed
gear yet. I'm afraid the fuses won't stand it, but here goes for
a try, anyhow."

He threw over a switch, changed a lever and then, having pushed
into place the last gear, he grasped the steering wheel more
firmly.

There was need of it, for, in an instant, the electric
runabout, with the motors fairly roaring, swept up the road,
after the gasolene car that was almost hidden from sight in a
cloud of dust. Faster and faster went Tom's car. The young
inventor was listening with critical ear to the song of the
machinery. He wanted to learn if it was running sweet and true,
for that is how a careful mechanic tests his apparatus. Foot by
foot the distance between the two cars lessened. Now the electric
was lapping the rear wheels of the gasolene machine, but the
driver did not know it. His whole attention was on the road ahead
of him.

"Half a mile more!" cried Ned, naming the distance which yet
remained of the straight stretch. "Can you do it, Tom?"

His chum nodded. He shoved the controller handle over to the
last notch, and then waited an anxious second. Would the fuse
carry the extra load? It seemed so, for there was a slight
increase of power.

An instant later Tom gave a sudden twist to the steering wheel.
It was well that he did, for he was passing the gasolene car
dangerously close. Then he was ahead of it, and in a second he
was three lengths in advance.

Desperately the man opened his muffler, and sought to gain by
this advantage, but though his car gave off explosions like a
battery of guns in action, he could not gain on Tom. The electric
shot around a curve in the road, winner of the impromptu race by
an eighth of a mile.

"Well," asked Tom of his chum, as he slowed down, for the road
now was not so good, "did I do it?"

"You certainly did. Whew! But we did scoot along?"

"Eighty miles an hour there one spell," went on the young
inventor, glancing at a gauge. "But I've got to do better than
that to win the big race."




CHAPTER XV              ANDY FOGER'S BLACK EYE


Around the bend came the six-cylinder touring car. The driver,
with a surprised look on his face, was slacking up. He ran his
machine up alongside of Tom's.

"Say," he asked, in dazed tones, "did you take a short cut, or
anything like that to get ahead of me?"

"No," answered the youth.

"And you didn't jump me in the air?"

"No," was Tom's answer, smilingly given.

"Well, all I've got to say is that you've got a wonderful car
there, Mr.--er--er--"  He paused suggestively.

"Swift is my name," our hero answered. "Thomas Swift, of
Shopton."

"Ah, I've heard of you. My name is Layton --Paul Layton. I'm
from Netherton. Let's see, you built an airship, didn't you?"

"I helped," Tom admitted modestly.

"Well, you beat me fair and square, and if I do say it myself
I've got a fairly speedy car. Took two firsts at the Indianapolis
meet last month. But you certainly scooted ahead of me. Where did
you buy that electric, if I may ask?"

"I made it."

"I might have known," admitted the man. "But are you going to
put them on the market? If you are I'd like to get one. I want
the fastest car going, and you seem to have it."

"I hadn't thought of manufacturing them for sale," said the
young inventor. "If I do, I'll let you know."

"I wish you would. My! I had no idea you could beat me, but you
did--fair and square."

There was some more talk, and then Mr. Layton started on, after
exacting from Tom a further promise to let him know if any
electrics were to be made for sale.

"You certainly have a wonderful car," complimented Ned, as he
and his chum took a short cut to Shopton.

"Well, I'm not quite satisfied with it," declared Tom.

"Why not?"

"Well, I've set a hundred miles an hour as my limit. I didn't
make but eighty to-day. I've got to have more speed if I go up
against the crowd that will race for the touring club's prize."

"Can you make a hundred miles?"

"I think so. I've got to change my gears, though, and use
heavier fuses. I was afraid every second that one of the fuses
would melt, and leave me stranded. But they stood pretty well. Of
course, when the car, geared as it is now, has been run a little
longer it will go faster, but it won't come up to a hundred miles
an hour. That's what I want, and that's what I'm going to get,"
and the lad looked very determined.

Ned was taken to the bank, and, as Tom turned his machine
around, to go home, he saw, standing on the steps of the new
bank, which was almost across the street from the old one, Andy
Foger, and the bully's father. The red-haired lad laughed at
Tom's rough looking car, and said something to his parent, but
Mr. Foger did not notice Tom. Not that this caused our hero any
uneasiness, however.

But, as he swung away from the bank, he saw, coming up the
street a figure that instantly attracted his attention. It was
that of Mr. Berg, and Tom at once recalled the night he had
pursued the submarine agent, and torn loose his watch charm. Mr.
Berg was evidently going to enter the new bank, for, at the sight
of the former agent, Mr. Foger descended the steps, and went to
meet him.

Tom, however, had decided upon a plan of action. He steered his
machine in toward the curb, ran up the steel wind-shield, and
called:

"Mr. Berg!"

"Eh? What's that?" asked the agent, in some surprise. Then, as
he caught sight of Tom, and recognized him, he added: "I'm very
busy now, my young friend. You'll have to excuse me."

"I won't detain you a moment," went on Tom, casually. "I have
something of yours that I wish to return to you."

"Something of mine?" Mr. Berg was evidently puzzled. He
approached the electric car, in spite of the fact that Mr. Foger
was calling him. "Something of mine? What is it?"

"This!" exclaimed Tom suddenly, extending the compass watch
charm, which he always carried with him of late.

"That! Where did you get that. I lost it--"

Mr. Berg paused in some confusion.

"I grabbed it off your watch chain the night you were hiding in
our shrubbery, and tripped me into the brook," answered the lad,
looking the man squarely in the eye.

"Hiding? Tripped you? Grabbed that off my chain--" stammered
Mr. Berg. He had taken the charm up in his fingers, but now he
quickly dropped it back into Tom's hand. "I guess you're
mistaken," he added quickly. "That's not mine. I never had one--
I--er--that's not mine--at least--Oh, you'll have to excuse me,
young man, I'm in a hurry, and I have an important engagement!"
and with that Mr. Berg wheeled off, and joined Mr. Foger, who
stood on the sidewalk, waiting for him.

"I thought sure it was yours," said Tom, easily. "Perhaps Mr.
Foger will keep it in one of the safety-deposit boxes of his
bank, until the owner claims it," and he looked at the banker.

"What's that?" asked Andy's father.

"This watch charm which I grabbed off Mr. Berg's chain the
night he was sneaking around our house, and crossed the electric
wires," went on the lad.

"Don't listen to him. He doesn't know what he is saying!"
exclaimed the former submarine boat agent. "It's not my charm.
He's crazy!"

"Oh, am I?" thought Tom, with a grim look on his face. "Well,
we'll see about that, Mr. Berg," and, putting the charm back in
his pocket, Tom swung his machine toward home, while the agent
and the banker entered the new institution.

"So they're getting chummy," mused Tom. "Andy and Berg were
friends when Andy shut me up in the submarine tank, and now Berg
comes here to do business, and Foger and his associates are
trying to put the old bank out of business. I wonder if there's
any connection there? I must keep my eyes open. Berg is an
unscrupulous man, and so is Andy's father, to say nothing of the
red-haired bully himself. He had nerve to deny that was his
charm. Well, maybe I'll catch him some day."

Tom spent a busy week making new adjustments to his electric
car, changing the gear and providing for heavier fuses. He was
planning for another trip on the road, as the time for the great
race was drawing near, and he wanted the mechanism to be in
perfect shape.

One evening, as he was preparing for a short night trip to
Mansburg, where he had promised to call for Miss Nestor, Tom left
his machine standing in the road in front of the house, while he
went back to get a robe, as it threatened to be chilly.

As he came back to enter the car, he saw some one standing near
it.

"Is that you, Ned?" he called. "Come, take a spin."

Hardly had he spoken than there sounded from the machine a
whirr that told of the current being turned on.

"Don't do that!" cried Tom, knowing at once that it could not
be Ned, who never meddled with the machinery.

A blinding flash and a loud report followed, and Tom saw some
one leap from his car, and try to run away. But the figure
stumbled, and, a moment later the young inventor was upon him,
grappling with him.

"Here! Let me go!" cried a voice, and Tom uttered an
exclamation of surprise.

"Andy Foger!" he cried. "I've caught you! You tried to damage
my car!"

"Yes, and I'm hurt, too!" whined Andy. "My father will sue you
for damages if I die."

"No danger of that; you're too mean," murmured Tom, as he
maintained a tight grip on the bully.

"You let me go!" demanded Andy, squirming to get away.

"Wait until I see what damage you've done,'~ retorted the young
inventor. "The worst, though, would be the blowing out of a fuse,
for I had the gear disconnected. You wait a minute now. Maybe
it's you who'll have to pay damages."

"You let me go!" fairly screamed Andy, and he aimed a blow at
Tom. It caught our hero on the chest and Tom's fighting blood was
up in an instant. He drew back his left hand, and delivered a
blow that landed fairly on Andy's right eye. The bully staggered
and went down in the dust.

"There!" cried Tom, righteously angry. "That will teach you not
to try to damage my car, and then hit me into the bargain! Now
clear out, before I give you some more!"

Whining and blubbering Andy arose to his feet.

"You just wait. I'll get square with you for this," he
threatened.

"You can accept part of that as pay for what you did in the tar
and feathering game," added Tom. Then, as Andy moved in front of
one of the electric side lamps on the car, Tom uttered a whistle
of surprise. For both of Andy's eyes were bruised and swollen,
though Tom had only hit him once.

"Look at me!" cried the bully, more squint-eyed than ever.
"Look at me! You hit me in one eye, and that explosion hit me in
the other! My father will sue you for this."

As he hurried off down the road Tom understood. Andy coming
along, had seen Tom's car standing there, and, thinking to do
some mischief, had climbed in, and turned on the power. Perhaps
he hoped it would run into the roadside ditch and be smashed. But
as the gear was out, turning on the electric current had a
different effect. As the bully pulled the handle over too
quickly, throwing almost the entire force of the battery into the
wires at once, the load was too heavy for them. A safety fuse
blew out, causing the flare and the explosion, and a piece of the
soft lead-like metal had hit the red-haired lad in the eye. Tom's
fist had completed the work on the other optic, and for several
days thereafter Andy Foger remained in seclusion. When he did go
out there were many embarrassing questions put to him, as to when
he had had the fight. Andy didn't care to answer. As for Tom, it
did not take long to put a new fuse in his car, and he greatly
enjoyed his ride with Miss Nestor that night.




CHAPTER XVI             TROUBLE AT THE BANK


Coming in rather late from his trip to Mansburg, and thinking
of some things he and Miss Nestor had talked about, Tom was
rather surprised, on reaching the house, to see a light in his
father's particular room, where the aged inventor did his reading
and his planning of new devices.

"Dad's up rather late," said Tom to himself. "I wonder if he's
studying over some new machine."

The lad ran his auto into the temporary garage he had built for
it, and connected the wires of a burglar alarm he had arranged,
to give warning in case any of his enemies should seek to damage
the car.

Tom encountered Garret Jackson, the aged inventor who was going
his rounds, seeing that everything was all right about the
various shops.

"Anybody with my father, Garret?" asked the lad. "I see he's
still up."

"Yes," was the rather unexpected reply. "Mr. Damon is with him.
They've been in your father's room all the evening--ever since
you went away in the car."

"Anything the matter?" inquired the young inventor, a bit
anxious, as he thought of the Happy Harry gang.

"Well, I don't know," and the engineer seemed puzzled. "They
called me in once to know if everything was all right outside,
and to inquire if you were back. I saw, then, that they were busy
figuring over something, but I didn't take much notice. Only I
heard Mr. Damon say: 'There's going to be trouble if we can't
realize on those bonds,' and then I came away."

"Is that all he said?" asked Tom.

"No, he said 'Bless my buttons,' or something like that; but he
blesses so many things I didn't pay much attention."

"That's right," agreed the lad. "But I wonder what the trouble
is about? I must go see."

As he passed along the hall, out of which his father's combined
study and library opened, the aged inventor came to the door.

"Is that you, Tom?" he asked.

"Yes, Dad."

"Come in here, if you haven't anything else to do. Mr. Damon is
here."

Tom needed but a single glance at the faces of his father and
Mr. Damon to see that something was troubling the two. The table
in front of them was littered with papers covered with rows of
figures.

"What's the matter?" asked Tom.

"Well, I suppose I ought not to let it bother me, but it does,"
replied his father.

"Something wrong with your patents, Dad? Has the crowd of bad
men been bothering you again?"

"No, it isn't that. It's trouble at the bank, Tom."

"Has it been robbed again?" asked the lad quickly. "If it has I
can prove an alibi," and he smiled at the recollection of the
time he and Mr. Damon had been accused of looting the vault, as
told in "Tom Swift and His Airship."

"No, it hasn't been robbed in just that way," put in Mr. Damon.
"But, bless my shoe laces, it's almost as bad! You see, Tom,
since Mr. Foger started the new bank he's done his best to
cripple the one in which your father and I are interested. I may
say we are very vitally interested in it, for, since the
withdrawal of Foger and his associates, your father and I have
been elected directors."

"I didn't know that," remarked the lad.

"No, I didn't tell you, because you were so busy on your
electric car," rejoined Mr. Swift. "But Mr. Damon and I, being
both large depositors, were asked to assume office, and, as I was
not very busy on patent affairs, I consented."

"But what is the trouble?" inquired Tom.

"I'm coming to it," resumed Mr. Damon. "Bless my check book,
I'm coming to it! You see we have lost several good customers, by
reason of Foger opening the new bank. That wouldn't have mattered
so much, as between your father and myself, and one or two
others, we have enough capital to carry on the business of the
bank. But there is a more serious matter. We hold a number of
very good securities, but they are of a class hard to realize
cash for, on short notice. In other words they are not active
bonds, though they are issued by reliable concerns. Then, too,
the bank has lost considerable money by not doing as much
business as it formerly did. In short we don't know just what to
do, Tom, and your father and I were discussing it, when you came
in."

"Do you need more money?" asked Tom. "I have some, that is my
share from the submarine treasure, and some I have allowed to
accumulate as royalties from my patents. It's about ten thousand
dollars, and you're welcome to it."

"Thank you, Tom," spoke his father. "We may use your cash, but
we'll need a great deal more than that."

"But why?" asked the lad. "I don't understand. If you have good
bonds, can't you dispose of them, and get the money?"

"We could, Tom, yes, if we had time," replied Mr. Damon. "But
to throw the bonds on the market at short notice would mean that
we would not get a good price for them. We would lose
considerable."

"But why do it in a hurry?"

"Because there is need of hurry," responded Mr. Swift.

"That's it," joined in Mr. Damon. "We have to have cash in a
hurry, Tom, to meet pressing demands, and we don't just see our
way clear to get it. I am trying to raise it on some private
securities I own, but I can't get an answer within several days.
Meanwhile the bank may fail, because of lack of funds. Of course
no one would lose anything, ultimately, as we could go into the
hands of a receiver, and, eventually pay dollar for dollar. Your
father and I, and some of the other directors, might lose a
little, but the depositors would not. But your father and I don't
like the idea of failing. It's something I've never done, and I'm
too old to start in now, bless my cash ledger if I'm not!"

"And for the sake of my reputation in this community I don't
want to see the bank close its doors," added Mr. Swift. "It would
give Foger too good a chance to crow over us."

"And you need cash in a hurry," went on Tom. "How much?"

"Fifty thousand dollars at least," replied Mr. Damon.

"And if you don't get it?"

The eccentric man shrugged his shoulders.

"Well," remarked Mr. Swift musingly, "I don't see that we need
worry you about it, Tom. Perhaps--"

Mr. Swift was interrupted by a ring at the front door. The
three looked at each other. It was late for a caller, and Mrs.
Baggert had gone to bed.

"I'll answer it," volunteered Tom. He switched on the electric
light in the hall, and opened the door. He was confronted by Mr.
Pendergast, the president of the bank.

"Is your father in?" asked Mr. Pendergast, and he seemed to be
much agitated.

"Yes, he is," replied the lad. "Come this way, please."

"I want to see him on important business," went on the
president, as he followed the young inventor. "I'm afraid I have
bad news for him and Mr. Damon. Bad news, Tom, bad news," and the
aged banker's voice trembled. Tom, with a chill of apprehension
seeming to clutch his heart, threw open the library door.




CHAPTER XVII            A RUN ON THE BANK


"Why, Mr. Pendergast!" exclaimed Mr. Damon, rising quickly as
Tom ushered in the aged president. "Whatever is the matter? You
here at this hour? Bless my trial balance! Is anything wrong?

"I'm afraid there is," answered the bank head. "I have just
received word which made it necessary for me to see you both at
once. I'm glad you're here, Mr. Damon."

He sank wearily into a chair which Tom placed for him, and Mr.
Swift asked:

"Have you been able to raise any cash, Mr. Pendergast?"

"No, I am sorry to say I have not, but I did not come here to
tell you that. I have bad news for you. As soon as we open our
doors in the morning, there will be a run on the bank." "A run on
the bank?" repeated Mr. Swift.

"The moment we begin business in the morning," went on Mr.
Pendergast.

"Bless my soul, then don't begin business!" cried Mr. Damon.

"We must," insisted Mr. Pendergast. "To keep the doors closed
would be a confession at once that we have failed. No, it is
better to open them, and stand the run as long as we can. When we
have exhausted our cash--" he paused.

"Well?" asked Mr. Damon.

"Then we'll fail--that's all."

"But we mustn't let the bank fail!" cried Mr. Swift. "I am
willing to put some of my personal fortune into the bank capital
in order to save it. So is my son here."

"That's right," chimed in Tom heartily. "All I've got. I'm not
going to let Andy Foger get ahead of us; nor his father either."

"I'll help to the limit of my ability," added Mr. Damon.

"I appreciate all that," continued the president. "But the
unfortunate part of it is that we need cash. You gentlemen, like
myself, probably, have your money tied up in stocks and bonds. It
is hard to get cash quickly, and we must have cash as soon as we
open in the morning, to pay the depositors who will come flocking
to the doors. We must prepare for a run on the bank."

"How do you know there will be a run?" asked the young
inventor.

"I received word this evening, just before I came here,"
replied Mr. Pendergast. "A poor widow, who has a small amount in
the bank, called on me and said she had been advised to withdraw
all her cash. She said she preferred to see me about it first, as
she did not like to lose her interest. She said a number of her
acquaintances, some of whom are quite heavy depositors, had also
been warned that the bank was unsound, and that they ought to
take out their savings and deposits at once."

"Did she say who had thus warned her?" inquired Mr. Swift.

"She did," was the reply, "and that shows me that there is a
conspiracy on foot to ruin our bank. She stated that Mr. Foger
had told her our institution was unsound."

"Mr. Foger!" cried Mr. Damon. "So this is one of his tricks to
bolster up his new bank! He hopes the people who withdraw their
money from our bank will deposit with him. I see his game. He's a
scoundrel, and if it's possible I'm going to sue him for damages
after this thing is over."

"Did he warn the others?" inquired the aged inventor.

"Not all of them," answered the president. "Some received
letters from a man signing himself Addison Berg, warning them
that our bank, was likely to fail any day."

"Addison Berg!" exclaimed Tom. "That must have been the
important business he had with Mr. Foger, the day I showed him
the watch charm! They were plotting the ruin of our bank then,"
and he told his father about his disastrous pursuit of the
submarine agent.

"Very likely Foger is working with Berg," admitted Mr. Damon.
"We will attend to them later. The question is, what can we do to
save the bank?"

"Get cash, and plenty of it," advised Mr. Pendergast. "Suppose
we go over the whole situation again?" and they fell to talking
stocks: bonds, securities, mortgages and interest, until the
youth, interested as he was in the situation, could follow it no
longer.

"Better go to bed, Tom," advised his father. "You can't help us
any, and we have many details to go over."

The lad reluctantly consented, and he was soon dreaming that he
was in his electric auto, trying to pull up a thousand pound lump
of gold from the bottom of the sea. He awoke to find the
bedclothes in a lump on his chest, and, removing them, fell into
a deep slumber.

When the young inventor awoke the next morning, Mrs. Baggert
told him that his father and Mr. Damon had risen nearly an hour
before, had partaken of a hearty breakfast, and departed.

"They told me to tell you they were at the bank," said the
housekeeper.

"Did Mr. Pendergast stay all night?" inquired Tom.

"I heard some one go away about two o'clock this morning,"
replied the housekeeper. "I don't know who it was."

"They must have had a long session," thought Tom, as he began
on his bacon, eggs and coffee. "I'll take a run down to the bank
in my electric in a little while."

The car was still in rather crude shape, outwardly, but the
mechanism was now almost perfect. Tom charged the batteries well
before starting put.

The youth had no sooner come in sight of the old Shopton bank,
to distinguish it from the Second National, which Mr. Foger had
started, than he was aware that something unusual had occurred.
There was quite a crowd about it, and more persons were
constantly arriving to swell the throng.

"What's the matter?" asked Tom, of one of the few police
officers of which Shopton boasted, though the lad did not need to
be told.

"Run on the bank," was the brief answer. "It's failed."

Tom felt a pang of disappointment. Somehow, he had hoped that
his father and his friends might have been able to stave off
ruin. As he approached nearer Tom was made aware that the crowd
was in an ugly mood.

"Why don't they open the doors and give us our money?" cried
one excited woman. "It's ours! I worked hard for mine, an' now
they want to keep it from us. I wish I'd put it in the new bank."

"Yes, that's the best place," added another. "That Mr. Foger
has lots of money."

"I can see the hand of Andy's father, and that of Mr. Berg, at
work here," thought Tom, "They have spread rumors of the bank's
trouble, and hope to profit by it. I wish I could find a way to
beat them at their own game."

As the minutes passed, and the bank was not opened, the ugly
temper of the crowd increased. The few police could do nothing
with the mob, and several, bolder than the rest, advocated
battering down the doors. Some went up the steps and began to
pound on the portals. Tom looked for a sight of his father or Mr.
Damon, but could not see either.

It was not the regular hour for opening the bank, but when the
police reminded the people of this they only laughed.

"I guess they ain't going to open anyhow!" shouted a man.
"They've got our money, and they're going to keep it. What
difference is an hour, anyway?"

"Yes, if they have the money, why don't they open, and not wait
until ten o'clock?" cried another. "I've got a hundred and five
dollars in there, and I want it!"

More excited persons were arriving every minute. The crowd
surged this way, and that. Many looked anxiously at the clock in
the tower of the town hall. The gilded hands pointed to a few
minutes of ten. Would the bank open its doors when the hour
boomed out? Many were anxiously asking this question.

Tom sat in his electric car, near the front of the bank. The
interest of the crowd, which under ordinary circumstances would
have been centered in the queer vehicle, was not drawn toward it.
The people were all thinking of their money.

Suddenly one of the two doors of the bank slowly opened. There
was a yell from the crowd, and a rush to get in. But the police
managed to hold the leaders back, and then Tom saw that it was
Ned Newton, who stood in the partly-opened portal. He held up his
hand to indicate silence, and a hush fell over the mob.

"The bank is open for business," Ned announced, "but there must
be no rush. The building is not large enough to accommodate you
all. If you form a line, you will be admitted in turn. The bank
hopes to pay you all."

"Hopes!" cried a woman scornfully. "We can't eat hopes, young
man, nor yet pay the rent with it. Hopes indeed!"

But Ned had said all he cared to, and, with rather a white
face, he went back inside. The one door remained open and, with a
policeman on either side, a line of anxious depositors was slowly
formed. Tom watched them crowding and surging forward, all eager
to be first to get their cash out, lest there be not enough for
all. As he watched, the young inventor was aware that some was
signaling to him from the big window of the bank. He looked more
closely and saw Ned Newton beckoning to him, and the young
cashier was motioning Tom to go around to the rear, where a door
of the bank opened on a small alley. Wondering what was wanted,
Tom slowly ran his machine down the side street, and up the
alley. No one paid any attention to him.

A porter admitted the lad, and he made his way to the private
offices, where he knew his father and Mr. Damon would be. In the
corridors he could hear the murmur of the throng and the chink of
money, as the tellers paid it out.

"Well, Tom, this is bad business," remarked Mr. Swift, as he
saw his son. The lad noticed that Mr. Damon was in the telephone
booth.

"Yes, Dad," admitted Tom. "It's a run, all right. What are you
going to do?"

"The best we can. Pay out all the cash we have, and hope that
before that time, the people will come to their senses. The bank
is all right if they would only wait. But I'm afraid they won't
and, after we pay out all the cash we have, we'll have to close
the doors. Then there's sure to be an unpleasant scene, and maybe
some of the more hot-headed ones will advocate violence. We have
given orders to the tellers to pay out as slowly as possible, so
as to enable us to gain some time."

"And all you need is money; is that it, Dad?"

"That's it, Tom, but we have exhausted every possibility. Mr.
Damon is trying a forlorn hope now, but, even if he is
successful--"

Before Mr. Swift had ceased speaking, Mr. Damon fairly burst
from the telephone booth. He was much excited.

"I've got it! I've got it!" he cried.

"What?" asked Mr. Swift and Tom in the same breath.

"The cash, or, what's just as good, the promise of it. I called
up Mr. Chase, of the Clayton National Bank, and he has agreed to
take the railroad securities I offered him as collateral, and let
me have sixty thousand dollars on them! That will give us cash
enough to weather the storm. Hurrah! We're all right now. Bless
my check book!"

"The Clayton National Bank," remarked Mr. Swift, and his voice
was hopeless. "It's forty miles away, Mr. Damon, and no railroad
around here runs anywhere near it. No one could get there and
back with the cash to-day, in time to save us from ruin. It's
impossible! Our last chance is gone."

"How far did you say it was, Dad?" asked Tom quickly.

"Forty miles there, over forty, I guess, and not very good
roads. We would need to have the cash here before three o'clock
to be of any service to us. No, it's out of the question. The
bank will have to fail!"

"No!" cried the young inventor, and his voice rang out through
the room. "I'll get the cash for you!"

"How?" gasped Mr. Damon. "You can't get there and back in
time?"

"Yes, I can!" cried Tom. "In my electric runabout! I can make
it go a hundred miles an hour, if necessary! Probably I'll have
to run slow over the bad roads; but I can do it! I know I can.
I'll get the sixty thousand dollars for you!"

For a moment there was silence. Then Mr. Damon cried:

"Good! And I'll go with you and deliver the securities to Mr.
Chase. Come on, Tom Swift! Bless my collar button, but maybe we
can yet save the old bank after all!"




CHAPTER XVIII                   AFTER THE CASH


Tom's proposal as a way out of the difficulty, and the prompt
seconding of it by Mr. Damon, seemed to deprive the other bank
officials, Mr. Swift included, of the power of speech for a few
moments. Then, as there came to the room where the scene had
taken place, the sound of the mob outside, clamoring for cash,
Mr. Pendergast, the president, remarked in a low voice:

"It seems to be the only way. Do you think you can do it, Tom
Swift?"

"I'm sure of it, as far as my electric car is concerned,"
replied the young inventor. "If we get the cash I'll have it back
here on time. The runabout is all ready for a fast trip."

"Then don't lose any time, Tom," advised his father. "Every
minute counts."

"Yes," added Mr. Damon. "Come on. I've got the securities in my
valise, and we can bring the cash back in the same satchel. Come
on, Tom."

The eccentric character caught up his valise, and started from
the room. Tom followed.

"Now, my son, be careful," advised his father. "You know the
need of haste, but don't take unnecessary risks. You'd better go
out the back way, as the crowd is easily excited."

Little more was said. Mr. Swift clasped his son's hand in a
firm pressure, and the bank president nervously bade the lad
good-by. Then, slipping out of the bank, by the rear entrance,
the porter closing the door after them, Tom and Mr. Damon took
their places in the electric machine.

"Just imagine you're racing for that three-thousand-dollar
prize, offered by the Touring Club of America, Tom," observed Mr.
Damon, as he deposited the valise at his feet.

"I don't have to do that," replied the youth. "I'm trying for a
bigger prize than that. I want to save the bank, and defeat the
schemes of the Fogers--father and son."

Tom turned on the power, and the machine rolled out on the main
street. As it turned the corner, leaving the impatient crowd of
depositors, now larger than ever, behind, Mr. Damon glanced over
at the new bank, and, as he did so, he called to Tom:

"There are the Fogers now."

The young inventor looked, and saw Andy and his father on the
steps of the new institution.

At the sight of the electric car, speeding along, Andy turned
and spoke to his parent. What he said seemed to impress Mr.
Foger, for he started, and looked more intently at Tom and Mr.
Damon. Then, as Tom watched, he saw the two excitedly conversing,
and a moment later Andy ran off in the direction in which Sam
Snedecker and Pete Bailey lived.

"I wonder if he's up to any tricks?" thought Tom, as he turned
on more power. "Well, if he is, I'll soon be where he can't reach
me."

The young inventor did not dare send his car at full speed
through the streets of the town, and it was not until several
minutes had passed that they could go at more than the ordinary
rate. But once the open country was reached Tom "opened her up
full," and the song the motor sung was one of power. The vehicle
quickly gathered headway and was soon fairly whizzing along.

"If we keep this up we'll be there and back in good time,"
remarked Mr. Damon.

"Yes, but we can't do it," replied his companion. "The road to
Clayton is a poor one, and we'll soon be on it. Then we'll have
to go slow. But I'll make all the time I can until then."

So, for several miles more they crept along, at times having to
reduce to almost a walking pace, because of bad roads. Mr. Damon
looked at his watch almost every other minute.

"Eleven o'clock," he remarked, as they passed a milestone, "and
we're not half way there. Bless my gizzard, but I'm afraid we
won't make it, Tom. We left about ten, and we ought to be back by
two o'clock to do any good. That's four hours, and it will take
some time to transfer the securities, and get the cash. Every
minute counts."

"I know it," answered Tom, "and I'm going to count every
minute."

With eager eyes he watched every inch of the road, to steer to
the best advantage. His hands gripped the wheel until his
knuckles showed white with the strain, and, every now and then
his right hand adjusted the speed lever or the controller handle,
while his foot was on the emergency brake, ready to stop the car
at the first sign of danger.

And there was danger, not infrequently, for the road was up and
down hill, over frail bridges, and along steep cliffs. It was no
pleasure tour they were on.

When a little over half the distance had been made they came to
a better road, and Tom was able to use full speed ahead. Then the
electric went so fast that, had it not been for the steel wind-
shield in front, Mr. Damon, at any rate, would have been short of
breath.

"This is going some!" he cried to Tom. The lad nodded grimly,
and shoved the controller handle over to the last notch. Then
came a bad stretch and they had to slow down again. As they were
about out of it there came a little flash of fire and the motor
stopped.

"Bless my overshoes!" cried Mr. Damon. "What's that; a fuse
blown out?"

"No," replied Tom, with a puzzled air. "But something has gone
wrong."  Hastily he got out, and made an examination. He found it
was only one of the unimportant wires which had short-circuited,
and it was soon adjusted. But they had lost five precious
minutes. Tom tried to make up for lost time, but came to a hill a
little later, and this reduced their speed.

"Do you think we can make it before twelve?" asked Mr. Damon
anxiously. "We've got to, if we're to get back before three,
Tom."

"I'll try," was the calm answer, and Tom's jaw was shut still
more tightly. Once again came more favorable roads and pushing
the car to the limit the occupants were rejoiced, a little later,
as they topped a hill, to come in sight of a fairly large city.

"There's Clayton!" cried Mr. Damon.

Ten minutes later they were rolling through the main street,
and as they stopped in front of the bank, the noon whistles blew
shrill and noisily.

"You did it, Tom!" cried Mr. Damon, springing out with the
valise of securities. "Now be ready for the return trip. I'll be
with you as soon as possible."

He went up the bank steps three at a time, like some boy
instead of an elderly man. Tom looked after him for a second and
then got down to oil up his car, and make some adjustments that
had rattled loose from the rough road. Unmindful of the curious
throng that gathered he crawled under the machine with his oil-
can.

He had finished his work, and was back in his seat, ready to
start, but Mr. Damon had not reappeared.

"It's taking him a good while to get that cash," thought Tom.
"Maybe the securities were no good."

But, a few minutes later, Mr. Damon came hurrying from the
bank. The valise he carried seemed much heavier than when he went
in.

"It's all right, Tom," he said. "I've got it. Now for the trip
home, and I hope we don't have any accidents. It took longer than
I thought to check over the bonds and receipt for them. But I've
got the cash. Now to save the bank!"

He took his place beside the young inventor, holding the valise
between his knees, while Tom turned on the power and sent his car
dashing down the street, and toward the road that led to Shopton.




CHAPTER XIX             STOPPED ON THE ROAD


"Did Mr. Chase make any objection to giving you the cash?"
asked Tom, as he shoved the controller over another notch, and
caused the motor to make a higher note in its song of speed.

"Oh, no, he was very nice about it," replied Mr. Damon. "He
said he hoped our bank would pull through. Said if we needed more
cash we could have it."

It was nearly one o'clock, and they had the worst part of the
journey yet to go. Thirty miles of stiff roads lay between them
and Shopton, the last five and the first five being fairly good,
with, here and there, soft spots.

Up hill and down went the electric auto. At every opportunity
Tom let out all the speed he could draw from the motor, but there
were many times when he had to slow down. He had just made the
ascent of a steep hill, and was turning into a fairly good road,
skirting the edge of a steep cliff, when there came a sharp
report.

"Bless my soul! That's a fuse, I'm sure of it!" cried Mr.
Damon.

"No," announced Tom, as he quickly shut off the power. "It's a
puncture. One of the inner tubes of the tire has been pierced. I
was afraid of that tube."

"What have you got to do; put on a new tire?" asked Mr. Damon.

"No, I'm going to put on a new wheel. I carry two spare ones
with tires all ready inflated. It won't take long."

But the process of changing wheels consumed more time than Tom
anticipated for the nut was stuck, and he and Mr. Damon had to
exert all their strength before they could loosen it. When the
new wheel was in place ten minutes had been lost.

"Hold on now, I'm going to speed her!" cried Tom, when they
were once more in their seats, and speed the machine he did. The
road was rough, but despite this the lad turned on almost full
power. Over the bumps they went, around curves and into rain-
washed ruts careening from side to side, and throwing Mr. Damon
about, as he expressed it afterward, "like a bean inside of a
football."  As for the young inventor his grasp of the steering
wheel, and the manner in which he could brace himself against the
foot pedals, held him more firmly in place. On and on they
rushed, covering mile after mile, and approaching Shopton where
so much depended on their arrival.

Good and bad stretches of the road alternated, but now that Tom
had seen of what mettle his car was made, he did not spare it as
much as he had on the first trip. He saw that his machine would
stand hard knocks, and the way the battery and motor was behaving
was a joy to him. He knew that if he could make that eighty-mile
run in safety he stood a good chance of winning the prize, for no
harder test could have been devised.

But the race was still far from won. There was a particularly
unsafe stretch of road yet to be covered, and then would come a
smooth highway into Shopton.

"Ten miles more," observed Mr  Damon, snapping shut his big
gold watch. "Ten miles more, and it's a quarter of two now. We
ought to be there at a quarter after, and that will be in good
time, eh, Tom?"

"I think so, but I don't know about this piece of road we're
coming to. It seems worse than when we passed over it this
morning."

As he spoke the auto began to slow up, for the wheels had
struck some heavy sand, and it was necessary to reduce the
current. Tom turned back the controller handle, but watched with
eager eyes for a sign that the roadbed was harder, so that he
could increase speed.

As the car turned around a curve, passing through a lonely
stretch of country, with woods on either side of the highway, Tom
glancing up, uttered a cry of astonishment.

"What's the matter; something gone wrong?" asked his companion.

For answer Tom pointed. There, just ahead of them, was a big
load of hay, and it was evident that the driver, was in no
particular hurry.

"We can't pass that without getting in over. our hubs!" cried
Tom. "If we turn out the side ditches are so soft that we'll need
help to pull out, and the road is so narrow for several miles
that we'll have to trail along behind that fellow."

"Bless my check book!" cried Mr. Damon. "Are we going to lose,
after all, on account of a load of hay? No, I'll buy it from him
first, at double the market price, tip it over, set fire to it,
toss it in the ditch, and then we can go past!"

"Maybe that will answer," retorted Tom, smiling grimly.

He put on a little more speed, and was soon close up behind the
load of hay, ringing his electric bell as a warning.

"I say!" called Mr. Damon to the unseen driver, "can't you turn
out and let us pass?"

"Ha! Hum! Wa'al I guess not!" came the answer, in unmistakable
farmer's accents. "You automobile fellers is too gol-hanged
smart, racin' along th' roads. I've got just as good a right here
as you fellers have, by heck!" The driver did not show himself.

"We know that," responded Tom, as quickly as he could, for he
did not want to anger the man. "But our machine is so heavy that
if we turn into the ditch I'm afraid we'll be mired."

"Huh! So'll I," was the retort from the unseen driver.. "Think
I want t' spile my load of hay?"

"But you have wide tires on, and you wouldn't sink in far,"
answered the young inventor. "Besides, it's very necessary that
we get past. A great deal depends on our speed."

"So it does on mine," was the reply. "Ef I git t' market late
I'll have t' stay all night, an' spend money on a hotel bill."

"I'll pay it! I'll pay your bill if you'll only pull out!"
cried Mr. Damon. "I'll give you a hundred dollars

He suddenly ceased speaking. From the bushes along the road
sprang several ragged, masked figures. Each one, aiming his
weapon at Tom, said in a low voice, that could not have been
heard by the driver of the hay wagon:

"Slow up your machine, young feller! We want to speak with you,
and don't you make a loud noise, or it won't be healthy for you!"

"Why of all the-!" began Mr. Damon, but another of the footpads
leveling his weapon at the eccentric man growled:

"Dry up, if you don't want to get shot!"

Mr. Damon subsided. Discretion was very plainly the better part
of valor. Tom had shut off the current. The load of hay continued
on ahead. Tom thought perhaps the driver of it might have been in
collusion with the thieves, to cause the auto to slow up.

"What do you want with us?" asked the young inventor, trying to
speak calmly, but finding it a hard task, with a revolver pointed
at him.

"You know what we want," exclaimed the leader, in a low voice.
"We want that cash you got from the bank, and we're going to have
it! Come, now, shell out!" and he advanced toward the automobile.




CHAPTER XX                      ON TIME


Close around the electric auto crowded the members of the hold-
up gang. Their eyes seemed to glare through the holes in their
black masks. Instantly Tom thought of the other occasion when he
was halted by masked figures. Could these, by any possibility, be
the same individuals? Was this a trick of Andy Foger and his
cronies?

Tom tried to pierce through the disguises. Clearly the persons
were men--not boys--and they wore the ragged clothes of tramps.
Also, there was an air of dogged determination about them.

"Well, are you going to shell out?" asked the leader, taking a
step nearer, "or will we have to take it?"

"Bless my very existence! You don't mean to say that you're
going to take the money--I mean how do you know we have any
money?" and Mr. Damon hastily corrected himself. "What right have
you to stop us in this way? Don't you know that every minute
counts? We are in a hurry."

"I know it," spoke the leading masked figure with a laugh. "I
know you have considerable money in that shebang, and I know what
you hope to do with it, prevent the run on the Shopton National
Bank. But we need that money as much as some other people and,
what's more, we're going to have it! Come on, shell out!"

"Oh, why didn't we bring a gun!" lamented Mr. Damon in a low
voice to Tom. "Isn't there anything we can do? Can't you give
them an electric shock, Tom?"

"I'm afraid not. If it wasn't for that hay wagon we could turn
on the current and make a run for it. But we'd only go into the
ditch if we tried to pass now."

The load of hay was down the road, but as Tom looked he noticed
a curious thing. It seemed to be nearer than it was when the
attack of the masked men came. The wagon actually seemed to have
backed up. Once more the thought came to the lad that possibly
the load of fodder might be one of the factors on which the
thieves counted. They might have used it to make the auto halt,
and the man, or men, on it were probably in collusion with the
footpads. There was no doubt about it, the load of hay was coming
nearer, backing up instead of moving away. Tom couldn't
understand it. He gave a swift glance at the robbers. They had
not appeared to notice this, or, if they had, they gave no sign.
-

"Then we can't do anything," murmured Mr. Damon.

"I don't see that we can," replied the young inventor in a low
voice.

"And the money we worked so hard to get won't do the bank any
good," and Mr. Damon sighed.

"It's tough luck," agreed Tom.

"Come now, fork over that cash!" called the leader, advancing
still closer. "None of that talk between you there. If you think
you can work some trick on us you're mistaken. We're desperate
men, and we're well armed. The first show of resistance you make,
and we shoot--get that, fellows?" he added to his followers, and
they nodded grimly.

"Well," remarked Mr. Damon with an air of submission, "I only
want to warn you that you are acting illegally, and that you are
perpetrating a desperate crime."

"Oh, we know that all right," answered one of the men, and Tom
gave a start. He was sure he had heard that voice before. He
tried to remember it--tried to penetrate the disguise --but he
could not.

"I'll give you ten seconds more to hand over that bag of
money," went on the leader. "If you don't, we'll take it and some
of you may get hurt in the process."

There seemed nothing else to do. With a white face, but with
anger showing in his eyes Mr. Damon reached down to get the
valise. Tom had retained his grip of the steering wheel, and the
starting lever. He hoped, at the last minute, he might see a
chance to dash away, and escape, but that load of hay was in the
path. He noted that it was now quite near, but the thieves paid
no attention to it.

Tom might have reversed the power, and sent his machine
backward, but he could not see to steer it if he went in that
direction, and he would soon have gone into the ditch. There was
nothing to do save to hand over the cash, it seemed.

Mr. Damon had the bag raised from the car, and the leader of
the thieves was reaching up for it, when there came a sudden
interruption.

From the load of hay there sounded a fusillade of pistol shots,
cracking out with viciousness. This was instantly followed by the
appearance of three men who came running from around the load of
hay, down the road toward the thieves. Each man carried a
pitchfork, and as they ran, one of the trio shouted:

"Right at 'em, boys! Jab your hay forks clean through the
scoundrels! By Heck, I guess we'll show 'em we know how t' tackle
a hold-up gang as well as the next fellow! Right at 'em now!
Charge 'em! Stick your forks right through 'em!"  Again there
sounded a fusillade of pistol shots.

The thieves turned as one man, and glanced at the relief so
unexpectedly approaching. They gave one look at the three
determined looking farmers, with their sharp, glittering
pitchforks, and then, without a word, they turned and fled,
leaping into the bushes that lined the roadway. The underbrush
closed after them and they were hidden from sight.

On came the three farmers, waving their effective weapons, the
pistol shots still ringing out from the load of hay. Tom could
not understand it, and could see no one firing--could detect no
smoke.

"Are they gone? Did they rob ye?" asked the foremost of the
trio, a burly, grizzled farmer. Bust my buttons, but I guess we
skeered 'em all right!"

"Bless my shoe buttons, but you certainly have!" cried Mr.
Damon, descending from the automobile, and wringing the hand of
the farmer, while Tom, thrust the bag of money under his legs and
waited further developments. The pistol shots rang out until one
of the men called:

"That'll do, Bub! We've skeered 'em like Mrs. Zenoby's pet cat!
You needn't crack that whip any more."

"Whip!" cried Tom. "Was that a whip?"

"That's what it was," explained the leading farmer. "Bub
Armstrong, my nephew, can crack it to beat th' band," and as if
in proof of this there emerged from behind the load of hay a
small lad, carrying a large whip, to which he gave a few trial
cracks, like pistol shots, as if to show his ability.

"It's all right, Bub," his uncle assured him. "We made 'em
run."

"But I don't exactly understand," spoke Mr. Damon. "I thought
you were in league with those thieves, stopping us as you did
with your big load."

"So did I," admitted Tom.

"Ha! Ha!" laughed the farmer. "That's a pretty good joke.
Excuse me for laughin'. My name's Lyon, Jethro Lyon, of Salina
Township, an' these is my two sons, Ade and Burt. You see we're
on our way to Shopton, an' my nephew, Bub, he went along. We
thought you was some of them sassy automobile fellers at first
when you hollered to us you wanted to pass. Then when we looked
back, we seen them burglars goin' t' rob you, at least that's
what we suspicioned," and he paused suggestively.

"That was it," Tom said.

"Wa'al, when we seen that, we held a sort of consultation on
thet load of hay, where they couldn't see us. It was so big you
know," he needlessly explained. "Wa'al, we calcalated we could
help you, so I jest quietly backed up, until we was near enough.
I told Bub to take the long whip, an' crack it for all he was
wuth, so's it would sound like reinforcements approachin' with
guns, an' he done it."

"He certainly done it," added Burt.

"Wa'al," resumed Mr. Lyon, "then me an my sons we jest slipped
down off the front seat, an' come a runnin' with our pitchforks.
I reckoned them burglars would run when they see us an' heard us,
an' they done so."

"Yep, they done so," added Ade, like an echo.

"I can't tell you how much obliged we are to you," said Mr.
Damon. "We have sixty thousand dollars in this valise, and they
would have had it in another minute, and the bank would have
failed."

"Sixty thousand dollars!" gasped Mr. Lyon, and his sons and
nephew echoed the words. Mr. Damon briefly explained about the
money, and he and the young inventor again thanked their
rescuers, who had so unexpectedly, and in such a novel manner,
put the thieves to flight.

"An' you've got t' git t' Shopton before three o'clock with
thet cash?" asked Mr. Lyon.

"That's what we hoped to do," replied Tom "but I'm afraid we
won't now. It's half past two, and

"Don't say another word," interrupted Mr. Lyon. "I know what ye
mean. My hay's in the road. But don't let that worry ye none.
I'll pull out of your road in a jiffy, an' if we do go down in
th' ditch, why we can throw off part of th' load, lighten th'
wagon, an' pull out again. You've got t' hustle if ye git t'
Shopton by three o'clock."

"I can do it with a clear road," declared Tom, confidently.

"Then ye'll have th' clear road," Mr. Lyon assured him. "Come
boys, let's git th' hay t' one side."

The farmers pulled into the ditch. As they had feared the wagon
went in almost to the hubs, but they did not mind, and, even as
Tom and Mr. Damon shot past them, they fell to work tossing off
part of the fodder, to lighten the wagon. The young inventor and
his companion waved a grateful farewell to them as they fairly
tore past, for Tom had turned on almost the full current.

"Do you suppose that was the Happy Harry gang, or some members
of it who were not captured and sent to jail?" asked Mr. Damon.

"I don't believe so," answered the lad, shaking his head.
"Maybe they didn't really want to rob us. Perhaps they only
wanted to delay us so we wouldn't get to the bank on time."

"Bless my top knot, you may be right!" cried Mr. Damon.

Further conversation became difficult, as they struck a rough
part of the road, where the vehicle swayed and jolted to an
alarming degree. But Tom never slackened pace. On and on they
rushed, Mr. Damon frequently looking at his watch.

"We've got twenty minutes left," he remarked as they came out
on the smooth stretch of road, that led directly into Shopton.

Then Tom turned all the reserve power into the motor. The
machinery almost groaned as the current surged into the wires,
but it took up the load, and the electric car, swaying more than
ever, dashed ahead with its burden of wealth.

Now they were in the town, now speeding down the street leading
to the bank. One or two policemen shouted after them, for they
were violating the speed laws, but it was no time to stop for
that. On and on they dashed.

They came in sight of the bank. A long line of persons was
still in front. They seemed more excited than in the morning, for
the hour of three was approaching, and they feared the bank would
close its doors, never to open them again.

"The run is still on," observed Mr. Damon.

"But it will soon be over," predicted Tom.

Some news of the errand of the automobile must have penetrated
the crowd, for as Tom swung past the front entrance to the bank,
to go up the rear alley, he was greeted with a cheer.

"They're got the cash!" a man cried. "I'm satisfied now. I
don't draw out my deposit."

"I want to see the cash before I'll believe it," said another.

Tom slowed up to make the turn into the alley. As he did so he
glanced across the street to the new bank. In the window stood
Andy Foger and his father. There was a look of surprise on their
faces as they saw the arrival of the powerful car, and, Tom
fancied, also a look of chagrin.

Up the alley went the car, police keeping the crowd from
following. The porter was at the door. So, also, was Mr.
Pendergast and Mr. Swift, while some of the other officers were
grouped behind them.

"Did you get the money?" gasped the president.

"We did," answered Tom. "Are we on time, Dad?"

"Just on time, my boy! They're paying out the last of the cash
now! You're on time, thank fortune!"




CHAPTER XXI             OFF TO THE BIG RACE


From their task of handing out money to eager depositors, the
wearied tellers looked up as Tom and Mr. Damon entered with the
big valise crammed full of money. It was opened, and the bundles
of bills turned out on a table.

"Perhaps you'd better make an announcement to the crowd, Mr.
Pendergast," suggested Mr. Swift. "Tell them we now have cash
enough to meet all demands, and that the bank will be kept open
until every one is paid."

"I will," agreed the aged president. His announcement was
received with cheers, and had exactly the effect the inventor
hoped it would.

Many, learning that the bank was safe, and that they could have
their money whenever they wanted it, concluded not to withdraw
it, thus saving the interest. Scores in the waiting crowd turned
out of line and went home. Their example was contagious, and,
though many still remained to get their deposits, the run was
broken. Only part of the sixty thousand dollars Tom and Mr. Damon
had brought through after a race with time, was needed. But had
it not been for the moral effect of the cash arriving as it did,
the bank would have failed.

"You have a great car, Tom Swift," complimented Mr. Pendergast,
when the excitement had somewhat cooled down, and the story of
the hold-up had been told.

"I think so myself," agreed the young inventor modestly. "I
must get ready for the races now."

"And as for those farmers, I think I'll send them a reward,"
went on the president. "They deserve something for the trouble
they had with the load of hay. I certainly shall send them a
reward," which he did, and a substantial one, too.

Of course the hold-up was at once reported to the police after
the run had quieted down, but Chief Simonson surprised Tom by
saying that he had expected it.

"The gang that held you up," said the police officer, "was one
that escaped from a jail, about twenty miles away. I got a tip
after you left, that they were going to rob you, for, in some
way, they learned about the money you and Mr. Damon were to bring
from the bank. The unfortunate part of it was that the tip I got
was to the effect that the hold-up would take place just outside
of Clayton. I telephoned to the police there, just after you
left, and they said they'd send out a posse. But the gang changed
their plans; and held you up near here, where I wasn't expecting
it. But I'll get 'em yet."

Chief Simonson did not arrest the gang, but some other police
officers did, and they were taken back to jail. They were not
prosecuted for the attempted robbery of Tom, as it was considered
difficult to fix the guilt on them, but they received such a long
additional sentence for breaking jail, that it will be many years
before they are released.

When Tom reached home that night he found some mail from the
officials of the Touring Club of America. It was to the effect
that arrangements for the big contest had been completed, and
that contesting cars must be on the ground by September first.

"That gives me two weeks yet," thought our hero.

He read further of the regulations covering the race. Each car
must proceed from the home town or city of the owner, and go to
the track under its own power. This was a new regulation, it was
stated, and was adopted to better develop the industry of
building electric autos. Two passengers, or one in addition to
the driver, must be carried, it was stated, and this one would
also be expected to be in the car during the entire race.

Regarding the race proper it was stated that at first it had
been decided to make it a twenty-four hour endurance contest, but
that for certain reasons this was changed, as it was found that
few storage batteries could go this length of time without a
number of rechargings. Therefore the race was to be one for
distance--five hundred miles, on the new Long Island track, and
the car first covering that distance would win. Cars were allowed
to change their batteries as often as they needed to, but all
time lost would count against them. There were other rules and
regulations of minor importance.

"Well," remarked Tom, as he read through the circulars, "I must
get my car in shape. It will be quite a tip to Long Island, and I
think my best plan will be to go direct to the cottage we had
when we were building the submarine, and from there proceed to
the track. That will comply with the rules, I think. But who will
I get to go with me? I suppose Mr. Damon or Mr. Sharp will be
willing. I'll ask them."

He broached the matter to his two friends that night, and they
both agreed to go to Long Island in the car, though only Mr.
Sharp would accompany Tom in the race. The next two weeks were
busy ones for Tom. He worked night and day over his car, getting
it in shape for the big event.

The young inventor made some changes in his battery, and also
adopted a new gear, which would give greater speed. He also
completed the exterior of the auto, giving it several coats of
purple paint and varnish, so that when it was finished, though it
was different in shape from most autos, it was as fine an
appearing car as one could wish. He arranged to carry two extra
wheels, with tires inflated, and, under the rear seats, or
tonneau, as he called it, Tom fitted up a complete tire-repairing
outfit. Mr. Sharp agreed to ride there, and in case there was
need to use more than two spare wheels during the race, the
rubber shoes or inner tubes could be mended while the car was
swinging around the track.

Mr. Damon would ride in front with Tom on the cross-country
trip, and occasionally relieve him at steering, or would help to
manage the electrical connections. Spare fuses, extra parts,
wires and different things he thought he might need, the young
inventor stored in his car. He also found means to install a
small additional storage battery, to give added power in case of
emergency.

Tom learned from the racing officials that if he made a trip
from Shopton to the cottage on the coast, near the city of
Atlantis, and later traveled from there to the track, it would
fulfill the conditions of the contest.

Finally all was in readiness, and one morning, having spent the
better part of the night going over his machine, to see that he
had forgotten nothing, Tom invited Mr. Damon and Mr. Sharp to
enter, and prepare for the trip to Long Island.

"Well, Tom, I certainly hope you win that race," remarked Mrs.
Baggert, as she stood in the doorway, waving a farewell.

"If I do I'll buy you a pair of diamond earrings to match the
diamond ring I gave you from the money I got from the wreck,"
promised the lad with a laugh.

"An' ef yo' sees dat Andy Foger," added Eradicate Sampson,
while he rubbed the long ears of Boomerang, his mule, "ef yo'
sees him, jest run ober him once or twice fer mah sake, Mistah
Swift."

"I'll do it for my own, too," agreed Tom.

The youth shook hands with his father, who wished him good
luck, and then, after a final look at his car, he climbed to his
seat, and turned on the power. There was a low hum from the motor
and the electric started off. Would it return a winner or loser
of the big race?




CHAPTER XXII                    IN A DITCH


Through the streets of Shopton went Tom Swift and his friends.
News of the big contest the young inventor was about to take part
in, had circulated around town, and there were not wanting many
to wish him good luck. The lad responded smilingly to the
farewells he received. As they passed the bank, Ned Newton came
out on the steps.

"Wish I was going along," he called.

"So do I," replied Tom. "How's everything? Is the bank all
right since the run?" for he had not had time to pay much
attention to the institution since his memorable race against
time, to get the money.

"Stronger and better than ever," was Ned's answer, as he came
to the curb, where Tom slowed up. "I hear," he added in a
whisper, "that the other fellows are going out of business--Foger
and his crowd you know. They loaned money on unsecured notes to
make a good showing, and now they can't get it back But we're all
right. Hope you win the race."

"So do I."

"What will a certain person do while you're away?" went on Ned,
with a wink.

"I don't know what you mean," replied Tom, trying not to blush.
"Do you mean my dad or Mrs. Baggert?"

"Neither, you old hypocrite you! I meant Miss Mary Nestor."

"Oh, hadn't you heard?" inquired Tom innocently. "She is going
to Long Island to visit some friends, and she'll be at the race."

"You lucky dog," murmured Ned with a laugh, as he went into the
bank.

Once more the electric auto started off, and was soon on the
quiet country road, where Tom speeded it up moderately. He hoped
to be able to make the entire distance to the shore cottage on
the single charge of current he had put into the battery at home,
and, as there was no special need for haste, he wanted to save
his power. The machine was running smoothly, and seemed able to
make a long race against time

The travelers ate lunch that day at Pendleton, a town some
distance from Shopton. They had covered a substantial part of
their trip. After a brief rest they started on again. Tom had
planned to spend two days and one night on the road, hoping to be
able to reach the shore cottage on the evening of the second day.
There, after recharging the battery, he would spend a night, or
two, and proceed to the track, ready for the race.

They found the roads fairly good, with bad stretches here and
there, which made it necessary for them to slow down. This
delayed them, and they found the shadows lengthening, and
darkness approaching, when they were still several miles from
Burgfield, where they intended to sleep.

"Will it be all right to travel at night?" asked Mr. Damon, a
bit nervously.

"Why, are you thinking of hold-up men?" inquired Mr. Sharp.

"No, but I was wondering about the condition of the roads,"
replied the eccentric man. "We don't want to run into a rock, or
collide with something."

"I guess this will light up the road far enough in advance, so
that we can see where we are going," suggested Tom, as he
switched on the powerful electric search-light. Though it was not
dark enough to illuminate the highway to the best advantage, the
powerful gleam shone dazzlingly in front of the swiftly moving
auto.

"I guess that will show up every pebble in the road," commented
the balloonist. It's very powerful."

Tom turned off the light, as, until it was darker, he could see
to better advantage unaided by it. He slowed down the speed
somewhat, but was still going at a good rate.

"There's a bridge somewhere about here," remarked the lad, when
they had gone on a mile further. I remember seeing it on my road
map. It's not very strong, and we'll have to run slow over it."

"Bless my gizzard, I hope we don't go through it!" cried Mr.
Damon. "Is your car very heavy, Tom?"

"Not heavy enough to break the bridge. Ah, there it is. Guess
I'll turn on the light so we can see what we're doing."

Just ahead of them loomed up the super-structure of a bridge,
and Tom turned the searchlight switch. At the instant he did so,
whether he did not keep a steady hand on the steering wheel, or
whether the auto went into a rut from which it could not be
turned, did not immediately develop, but the car suddenly shot
from the straight road, and swerved to one side. There was a
lurch, and the front wheels sank down.

"Look out! We're going into the river!" yelled Mr. Damon.

Tom jammed on the brakes and shut off the current. The auto
came to a sudden stop. The young inventor turned the searchlight
downward, to illuminate the ground directly in front of the car.

"Are we in the river?" asked Mr. Sharp.

"No," replied Tom in great chagrin. "We're in a muddy ditch.
One at the side of the road. Wheels in over the hubs! There
should have been a guard rail here. We're stuck for fair!"




CHAPTER XXIII                   THE POWER GONE


"Bless my overshoes!" cried Mr. Damon. "Stuck in the mud, eh?"

"Hard and fast," added Tom, in disgust.

"What's to be done?" inquired Mr. Sharp.

"I should say we'll have to stay here until daylight, and wait
for some other auto to come along and pull us out," was Mr.
Damon's opinion. "It's might unpleasant, too, for there doesn't
seem to be any place around here where we can spend the night in
any kind of comfort. If we had the submarine or the airship, now,
it wouldn't so much matter."

"No, and this won't matter a great deal," remarked the young
inventor quickly. "We'll soon be out of this, but it will be hard
work."

"What do you mean?" asked Mr. Sharp.

"I mean that we've got to pull ourselves out of this mud hole,"
explained the lad, as he prepared to descend. "I was afraid
something like this would happen, so I came prepared for it. I've
got ropes and pulleys with me, in the car. We'll fasten the rope
to the machine, attach one pulley to the bridge, another to the
car, and I guess we can get out of the mud. We'll try, anyhow."

"Well, I must say you looked pretty far ahead," complimented
Mr. Damon.

From a box under the tonneau Tom took out a thin but strong
rope and two compound pulleys, which would enable considerable
force to be applied. Mr. Sharp detached one of the powerful oil
lamps, and the three travelers took a look at the auto. It was
indeed deep in the mud and it seemed like a hopeless task to try
to get it out unaided. But Tom insisted that they could do it,
and the rope was soon attached, the hook of one pulley being
slipped around one of the braces of the bridge.

"Now, all together!" cried the lad, as he and his friends
grasped the long rope. They gave a great heave. At first it
seemed like pulling on a stone wall. The rope strained and the
pulleys creaked.

"I--guess--we--will--pull--the--bridge--over!" gasped Mr.
Sharp.

"Something's got to give way!" puffed Tom. "Now, once more! All
together!"

Suddenly they felt the rope moving. The pulleys creaked still
more and, by the light of the lamp, they could see that the auto
was slowly being pulled backward, out of the mud, and onto the
hard road. In a few minutes it was ready to proceed again.

The rope and pulleys were put away, and, after Tom had made an
examination of the car to see that it had sustained no damage,
they were off again, making good time to the hotel in Burgfield,
where they spent the night. They had an early breakfast, and, as
Tom went out to the barn to look at his car, he saw it surrounded
by a curious throng of men and boys. One of the boys was turning
some of the handles and levers.

"Here! Quit that!" yelled Tom, and the meddlesome lad leaped
down in fright. "Do you want to start the car and have it smash
into something?" demanded the young inventor.

"Aw, nothin' happened," retorted the lad. "I pulled every
handle on it, an' it didn't move.'~

"Good reason," murmured Tom, for he had taken the precaution to
remove a connecting plug, without which the machine could not be
started.

The three were soon under way again, and covered many miles
over the fine country roads, the weather conditions being
delightful. On inquiry they found that by taking an infrequently
used highway, they could save several miles. It was over an
unoccupied part of country, rather wild and desolate, but they
did not mind that.

They were whizzing along, talking of Tom's chances for winning
the race when, after climbing a slight grade, the auto came to a
sudden stop on the summit.

"What's the matter?" asked Mr. Sharp. "Why are you stopping
here, Tom?"

"I didn't stop," was the surprising answer, and the lad shoved
the starting lever back and forth.

But there was no response. There was no hum from the motor. The
machine was "dead."

"That's queer," murmured the young inventor

"Maybe a fuse blew out," suggested Mr. Damon, that seeming to
be his favorite form of trouble.

"If it had you'd have known it," remarked Mr. Sharp.

"There's plenty of current in the battery, according to the
registering gauge, murmured the lad. "I can't understand it."  He
reversed the current, thinking the wires might have become
crossed, but the machine would move neither backward nor forward,
yet the dial indicated that there was enough power stored away to
send it a hundred miles or more.

"Perhaps the dial hand has become caught," suggested Mr. Sharp.
"That sometimes happens on a steam gauge, and indicates a high
pressure when there isn't any. Hit it slightly, and see if the
hand swings back."

Tom did so. At once the hand fell to zero, indicating that
there was not an ampere of current left. The battery was
exhausted, but this fact had not been indicated on the gauge.

"I see now!" cried Tom. "It was those fellows at the hotel
barn! They monkeyed with the mechanism, short circuited the
battery, and jammed the gauge so I couldn't tell when my power
was gone. If I had known there wasn't enough to carry us I could
have recharged the battery at the hotel. But I figured that I had
enough current for the entire trip, and so there would have been,
if it hadn't leaked away. Now we're in a pretty pickle."

"Bless my hat band!" cried Mr. Damon. "Does that mean we can't
move?"

"Guess that's about it," answered Mr. Sharp, and Tom nodded.

"Well, why can't we go on to some place where they sell
electricity, and get enough to take us where we want to go?"
asked the odd character, whose ideas of machinery were somewhat
hazy.

"The only trouble is we can't carry the heavy car with us,"
replied Tom. "It's too big to pick up and take to a charging
station."

"Then we've got to wait until some one comes along with a team
of horses, and tows us in," commented Mr. Sharp. "And that will
be some time, on this lonely road."

Tom shook his head despondently. He went all over the car
again, but was forced to the first conclusion, that the reserve
current had leaked away, in consequence of the meddling prank of
the youth at the hotel. The situation was far from pleasant, and
the delay would seriously interfere with their plans.

Suddenly, as Tom was pacing up and down the road, he heard from
afar, a peculiar humming sound. He paused to listen.

"Trolley car," observed Mr. Sharp. "Maybe one of us could go
somewhere on the trolley and get help. There it is," and he
pointed to the electric vehicle, moving along about half a mile
away, at the foot of a gentle slope.

At the sight of the car Tom uttered a cry. "I have it!" he
exclaimed. "None of us need go for help! It's right at hand!"
His companions looked curiously, as the young inventor pointed
triumphantly to the fast disappearing electric.




CHAPTER XXIV                        ON THE TRACK

"What do you mean?" asked Mr. Damon. "Will the electric trolley
pull us to a charging station?"

"No, we'll not need to go to a station," answered the youth.
"If we can get my car to the trolley tracks I can charge my
battery from there. And I think we can push the auto near enough.
It's down hill, and I've got a long wire so we won't have to go
too close."

"Good!" cried Mr. Sharp. "But attach the rope to the front of
the car, Tom. Mr. Damon and I will pull it. You'll have to ride
in it to steer it."

"We can take turns at riding," was Tom's answer, for he did not
want his companions to do all the work.

"Nonsense! You ride," said Mr. Damon. "You're lighter than we
are, and can steer better. It won't be any trouble at all to pull
this car down hill."

It proved to be an easy task, and in a short time the "dead"
auto was near enough to the electric line to permit Tom to run
his charging wire over to it.

"Why bless my soul!" exclaimed Mr. Damon, looking up. "There's
no overhead trolley wire. The car must run on storage batteries."

"Third rail, more likely," was the opinion of Mr. Sharp and so
it proved.

"I can charge from either the third rail or the trolley wire,"
declared Tom, who was insulating his hands in rubber gloves, and
getting his wires ready. In a short time he had the proper
connections made, and the much-needed current was soon flowing
into the depleted battery, or batteries, for there were several
sets, though the whole source of motive power was usually
referred to as a "storage battery."

"How long will it take?" asked Mr. Damon.

"About two hours," answered the lad. "We'll probably have to
disconnect our wires several times, whenever a trolley car comes
past. By my system I can recharge the battery very quickly.

"Do you suppose the owners of the road will make any
objection?" asked the balloonist.

"I'm going to pay for the current I use," explained the young
inventor. "I have a meter which tells how much I take."

The hum of an approaching car was heard, and Tom took the wires
from the third rail. The car came to a stop opposite the
automobile, the passengers, as well as the crew, looking
curiously at the queer racing machine. Tom explained to the
conductor what was going on, and asked the fare-collector to
notify those in charge of the power station that all current used
would be paid for. The conductor said this would be satisfactory,
he was sure, and the car proceeded, Tom resuming the charging of
his battery.

Allowing plenty of reserve power to accumulate, and making sure
that the gauge would not stick again, and deceive him, the owner
of the speedy electric was soon ready to proceed again. They had
been delayed a little over three hours, for they had to make
several shifts, as the cars came past.

They reached their shore cottage late that night, and, after
seeing that the runabout was safely locked in the big shed where
the submarine had been built, they all went to bed, for they were
very tired.

Tom sent word, the next day, to the managers of the race, that
he would be on hand at the time stipulated, and announced that he
had made part of the trip, as required, under the power of the
auto itself.

The next day was spent in overhauling the machinery, tightening
up some loose bearings, oiling different parts, and further
charging the battery. Tires were looked to, and the ones on the
spare wheels were gone over to prepare for any emergency that
might arise when the race was started.

On the third day, Tom, Mr. Sharp and Mr. Damon, leaving the
cottage completed the trip to Havenford, Long Island, where the
new track had been constructed.

They reached the place shortly before noon, and, if they had
been unaware of the location they could not have missed it, for
there were many autos speeding along the road toward the scene of
the race, which would take place the following day.

Several electric cars passed Tom and his friends, whizzing
swiftly by, but the young inventor was not going to show off his
speed until the time came. Besides, he did not want to run any
risks of an accident. But some of the contestants seemed anxious
for impromptu "brushes," and more than one called to our hero to
"speed up and let's see what she can do." But Tom smiled, and
shook his head.

There were many gasolene and some steam autos going out to the
new track, which was considered a remarkable piece of
engineering. It was in the shape of an octagon, and the turns
were considered very safe. It was a five mile track, and to
complete the race it would be necessary to make a hundred
circuits.

Through scores of autos Tom and his friends threaded their way,
the young inventor keeping a watchful eye on the various types of
machine with which he would soon have to compete.

There were many kinds. Some were larger and some smaller than
his. Many obviously carried very large batteries, but whether
they had the speed or not was another question. Some, in spurts,
seemed to Tom, to be fully as fast as his own, and he began to
have some doubts whether he would win the race.

"But I'm not going to give up until the five hundredth mile is
finished," he thought, grimly.

They were now in sight of the track, and noted many machines
speeding around it.

"Go on in and try your car, Tom," urged Mr. Sharp.

"Yes, do," added Mr. Damon. "Let's see how it travels."

"I will, after I notify the proper officials that I have
arrived," decided the lad.

The formalities were soon complied with. Tom received his entry
card, after paying the fee, made affidavit that he had completed
the entire trip from home under his own power, save for the
little stretch when the car was pulled, which did not count
against him, and was soon ready to go on the track. Only electric
cars were allowed there.

As the young inventor guided his latest effort in the machine
line onto the big track there were murmurs of surprise from the
throngs.

"That's a queer machine," said one.

"Yes, but it looks speedy," was another's opinion.

"There's the car for my money," added a third, pointing to a
big red electric which was certainly whizzing around the track.
Tom noted the red car. Behind it was a green one, also moving at
a fast rate of speed.

"Those will be my nearest rivals," thought the lad, as he
guided his car onto the track. A moment later he was sending the
auto ahead at moderate speed, while the other contestants looked
at the new arrival, as if trying to discover whether in it they
would have a dangerous competitor.




CHAPTER XXV             WINNING THE PRIZE


After making two circuits of the track at moderate speed, Tom
turned on more power, deciding to see how the machine would
behave on the turns, going at a fast speed. As it happened he
forged ahead just as the big red car was coming up behind him.
The driver of it took this for a challenge and threw his
controller handle forward.

"Come on!" he cried to our hero, when even with him.

Tom did not want to decline the invitation, and the impromptu
race was under way. Soon the green car came rushing up, and for
two miles the three kept almost in line. It was evident that
neither the green nor the red car drivers wanted to "open out,"
until they saw Tom do so.

He was willing to oblige them, and suddenly increased his
speed. They did the same, and went ahead of him. Then Tom turned
on a little more juice and got the lead, but the two men were
right after him, and they see-sawed like this for two more miles.
Then, with a cry the man in the red car, with a sudden burst of
speed, left Tom and the green car behind. The green car was soon
up to its rival, but Tom decided he would not spurt.

The lad and his friends spent the early part of the night in
making a final inspection of the machinery, finding it in good
order. Then, with his head filled with visions of the race on the
morrow Tom went to bed. He had made inquiries, by telephone, of
the friends of Miss Nestor, and learned that she had not arrived.
Tom felt a distinct sense of disappointment.

The day of the race could not have been better. It was ideal
weather, and conditions at the track were just right. Tom was up
early, and went over every inch of his car with a nervous dread
that he might find something the matter.

The final details of the race were completed, and the entrants
given their numbers and places. Tom drew a good position, not the
best, but he had no reason to complain. Half an hour before the
start he again telephoned to see if Miss Nestor had arrived, but
she had not, and it was with rather gloomy thoughts that the lad
entered his car, in which Mr. Sharp had already taken his place.
Mr. Damon went to the grandstand to watch the race.

"I wanted Mary to see me win," thought our hero, for he had
grimly set his mind on coming in ahead.

There was a great crowd in the grandstand and scattered about
the big track, which took in a large extent of territory. In
spite of its size--five  miles  around--it  seemed  solidly
packed for the entire length with autos, containing gay parties
who had come to see the electric contest. There was a band
playing gay airs, as Tom guided his machine through the entrance
gate, and onto the track.

The judges made their final inspection. There were twenty cars
entered, but it was obvious that some of them would not last
long, as their battery capacity was not large enough. Their
owners might have relied on recharging, but how they could do
this under the usual slow system, and hope to win, Tom could not
see. He hoped to run the entire distance on the single charge,
but, if by some accident part of his current should leak away,
his battery could be charged in a short time, by means of his new
system, to run for a considerable distance, or he could install a
new one already charged, for he had two sets on hand. Tom glanced
over the cars of his competitors. They were to be sent away in
batches, the affair being a handicap one, with time allowance for
the smaller powered cars. Tom noted that his car and the red and
the green ones were in the same bunch. Tom's car was purple.

"Are you all ready?" asked the starter of the first group of
races.

"Ready," was the low-voiced response.

"Crack!" went the pistol, and there followed the hum of the
motors as the current set the mechanism to work. Forward went the
cars, amid the crash of the band and the cheers of the crowd. The
big race was under way.

"Do you feel nervous, Tom?" asked Mr. Sharp.

"Not a bit," replied the lad.

Around and around the track flew the speedy electrics. It was
evident that the holding of a meet solely for cars of  this
character had brought out many new ideas that would be to the
benefit of the industry. Some cars were "freaks" and others, like
Tom's, showed a distinct advance over previous styles of
construction.

A five-hundred mile race around a track is rather a monotonous
affair, except for what happens, and things very soon began to
happen at this race.

As Tom had expected, several of the machines were forced to
withdraw. Tire troubles beset some, and others found that they
were hopelessly out of it because of low power, or lack of
battery capacity.

Tom determined not to let the red or the green car gain any
advantage over him, and so he watched those two vehicles
narrowly. On the other hand, the red and the green electrics were
evidently afraid of one another and of Tom.

They all three kept pretty much together for the first thirty
miles. By this time the race had settled down into a steady
grind. There was some excitement when the steering gear of one
car broke, and it crashed Into the fence, injuring the driver,
but the race went on.

The young inventor was holding his own with his two chief
rivals, and was feeling rather proud of his car, when there came
from it a report like a pistol shot.

"Blow out!" yelled Tom desperately, steering to one of the
several repair stations on the inner side of the track. "Be ready
with the extra wheel, Mr. Sharp!"

"Right you are!" cried the balloonist. The car was scarcely
stopped when he had leaped out, and had the lifting jack under
the left rear wheel, where the tire had gone to the bad. He and
Tom labored like Trojans to take off the wheel, and put on the
other. They lost five minutes, and when they got under way again
the red and the green cars were three quarters of a lap ahead.

"You've got to catch them!" declared Sharp firmly.

But the red and the green car drivers saw their advantage, and
were determined to hold it. Tom could not catch them without
going his limit, and he did not want to do this just yet.
However, he had his opportunity when about two hundred miles had
been covered. Both the red and the green cars had tire troubles,
but the red one was delayed scarcely two minutes as there was a
corps of mechanics on hand to take off the defective wheel and
put on another. Still Tom regained his lost ground, and once more
the race between those three cars was even.

In the rear of Tom's car Mr. Sharp was mending the blown-out
tire, though there was still one spare wheel on reserve. Tom, in
front, peered eagerly at the track. Nearly side by side raced the
red and the green cars, the latter somewhat to the rear.

It was at the three hundred and fiftieth mile that Tom had
another blow-out. This time it took a little longer to change the
wheel, and the red and green cars gained a full lap on him. The
track was now so dusty that it was difficult to see the
contesting cars. Many had dropped out, and more were on the verge
of giving up.

With the odds against him, Tom started in to regain the lost
ground. Narrowly he watched his electric power. Slowly he saw it
dropping. Would he have enough left to finish out the race? He
feared not. The hours were passing. Still there was a hundred
miles yet to go twenty circuits of the track. Some of the
spectators were getting weary and leaving. The band played
spasmodically.

Suddenly Tom saw the red car shoot to one side of the track,
toward a charging station; The green car followed.

"That's our cue!" cried the young inventor "We need a little
more 'juice' and now is the time to get it."

The lad ran to the shed where his charging wires were, and they
were connected in a trice. He allowed twenty-five minutes for the
charging, as he knew with his improved battery he could get
enough current in that time to finish the contest. Before the red
and green car drivers had finished installing new batteries, for
they could not recharge as quickly as could our hero, Tom was on
the track again. But, in a little while, his two rivals were
after him.

It was now a spectacular race. Around and around swept the
three big cars. All the others were practically out of it. The
crowd became lively airs. Mile after mile was reeled off. The day
was passing. Tired and covered with dust from the track, Tom
still sat at the steering wheel.

"Two laps more!" cried Mr. Sharp, as the starter's pistol gave
this warning. "Can you get away from 'em, Tom?"

The red and the green cars were following closely. The young
inventor looked back and nodded. He turned on more power, almost
to the limit--that he was saving for the final spurt. But after
him still came the two big cars. Suddenly the red car shot ahead,
just as the last lap was beginning. The green tried to follow,
but there was a flash of fire, a loud report, and Tom knew a fuse
had blown out. There was no time for his rival to put in a new
one. The race was now between Tom and the red car. Could the lad
catch and pass it?

They were now only a mile from the finish. The red car was
three lengths ahead. With a quick motion Tom turned on the last
bit of power. There seemed to come a roar from his Motor and his
car shot ahead. It was on even terms with the red car when what
Tom had been fearing for the last five minutes happened. his fuse
blew out.

"Too bad! It's all up with us!" cried Mr. Sharp.

"No!" cried Tom in a ringing voice. "I've got an emergency fuse
ready!"  He snapped a switch in place, putting into commission
another fuse. The motor that had lost speed began to pick it up
again. Tom had pulled back the controller handle, but he now
shoved it forward again, notch by notch, until it was at the
limit. He had fallen back from the red car, and the occupants of
that, with a yell of triumph, prepared to cross the line a
winner.

But, like a race horse that nerves himself for the last
desperate spurt, Tom's machine fairly leaped ahead. With his
hands gripping the rim of the steering wheel, until it seemed
that the bones of his fingers would protrude, Tom sent his car
straight for the finishing tape. There was a yell from the
spectators. Men were standing up, waving their hats and shouting.
Women were fairly screaming. Mr. Damon was blessing everything
within sight. Mr. Sharp, in his excitement, was pushing on the
back of the front seats as if to shove the car ahead.

Then, as the pistol announced the close of the race, Tom's car,
with what seemed a mighty leap, like a hunter clearing a ditch,
forged ahead, and crossed the line a length in advance of the red
car. Tom Swift had Won.

Amid the cheers of the crowd the lad slowed up, and, at the
direction of the judges, wheeled back to the stand, to receive
the prize. A certified check for three thousand dollars was
handed him, and he received the congratulations of the racing
officials. The driver of the red car also generously praised him.

"You won fair and square," he said, shaking hands with Tom.

The young inventor and his friends drove their car to their
shed. As Tom was descending, weary and begrimed with dust he
heard a voice asking:

"Mayn't I congratulate you also?"

He wheeled around, to confront Mary Nestor, immaculate in a
summer gown.

"Why--why," he stammered. "I--I thought you didn't come."

"Oh, yes I did," she answered, laughing. "I wouldn't have
missed it for anything. I arrived late, but I saw the whole race.
Wasn't it glorious. I'm so glad you won!"  Tom was too, now, but
he shrank back when Miss Nestor held out both daintily gloved
hands to him. His hands were covered with oil and dirt.

"As if I cared for my gloves!" she cried, and she took
possession of his hands, a proceeding to which Tom was nothing
loath. "Are you going to race any more?" she asked, as he walked
along by her side, away from the gathering crowd.

"I don't know," he replied. "My car is speedier than I thought
it was. Perhaps I may enter it in other contests."

But what Tom Swift did later on will be told in another volume,
to be called, "Tom Swift and His Wireless Message; or, The
Castaways of Earthquake Island"--a strange tale of ship-wreck and
mystery.

The run back home was made without incident, save for a broken
chain, easily repaired, the day following the race, and Tom later
received a number of invitations to give exhibitions of speed.
Several automobile manufacturers wanted to secure the rights to
his machine, but he said he desired to consider the matter before
acting. He did not forget his promise to Mrs. Baggert, regarding
the diamond earrings, and bought her the finest pair he could
find.

"Come on, Mr. Sharp," proposed Tom, a week or so after the big
race, "let's go for a spin in the airship. I want to see how it
feels to be among the clouds once more," and they were soon
soaring aloft.

The new bank, started by Mr. Foger, did not flourish long. It
closed its doors in less than six months, but the old institution
was stronger than ever. Mr. Berg disappeared, and Tom never
learned whether the agent really was the man he had chased, and
whose watch charm he tore loose, though he always had his
suspicions. Nor did it ever develop who crossed the electric
wires, so that Tom was so nearly fatally shocked. Andy Foger
disliked our hero more than ever, and on several occasions caused
him not a little trouble, but Tom was able to look after himself.





THE END





This Isn't All!

Would you like to know what became of the good friends you have
made in this book?

Would you like to read other stories continuing their adventures
and experiences, or other books quite as entertaining by the same
author?

On the reverse side of the wrapper which comes with this book,
you will find a wonderful list of stories which you can buy at
the same store where you got this book.

Don't throw away the Wrapper

Use it as a handy catalog of the books you want some day to have.
But in case you do mislay it, write to the Publishers for a
complete catalog.


THE TOM SWIFT SERIES

By VICTOR APPLETON

Uniform Style of Binding. Individual Colored Wrappers,
Every Volume Complete in Itself.

Every boy possesses some form of inventive genius. Tom Swift is
a bright, ingenious boy and his inventions and adventures make
the most interesting kind of reading.

TOM SWIFT AND HIS MOTOR CYCLE
TOM SWIFT AND HIS MOTORBOAT
TOM SWIFT AND HIS AIRSHIP
TOM SWIFT AND HIS SUBMARINE BOAT
TOM SWIFT AND HIS ELECTRIC RUNABOUT
TOM SWIFT AND HIS WIRELESS MESSAGE
TOM SWIFT AMONG THE DIAMOND MAKERS
TOM SWIFT IN THE CAVES OF ICE
TOM SWIFT AND HIS SKY RACER
TOM SWIFT AND HIS ELECTRIC RIFLE
TOM SWIFT IN THE CITY OF GOLD
TOM SWIFT AND HIS AIR GLIDER
TOM SWIFT IN CAPTIVITY
TOM SWIFT AND HIS WIZARD CAMERA
TOM SWIFT AND HIS GREAT SEARCHLIGHT
TOM SWIFT AND HIS GIANT CANNON
TOM SWIFT AND HIS PHOTO TELEPHONE
TOM SWIFT AND HIS AERIAL WARSHIP
TOM SWIFT AND HIS BIG TUNNEL
TOM SWIFT IN THE LAND OF WONDER
TOM SWIFT AND HIS WAR TANK
TOM SWIFT AND HIS AIR SCOUT
TOM SWIFT AND HIS UNDERSEA SEARCH
TOM SWIFT AMONG THE FIRE FIGHTERS
TOM SWIFT AND HIS ELECTRIC LOCOMOTIVE
TOM SWIFT AND HIS FLYING BOAT
TOM SWIFT AND HIS GREAT OIL GUSHER
TOM SWIFT AND HIS CHEST OF SECRETS
TOM SWIFT AND HIS AIRLINE EXPRESS



THE DON STURDY SERIES
By VICTOR APPLETON

Individual Colored Wrappers and Text Illustrations by
WALTER S. ROGERS
Every Volume Complete in Itself.

In the company with his uncles, one a mighty hunter and the other
a noted scientist, Don Sturdy travels far and wide, gaining much
useful knowledge and meeting many thrilling adventures.

DON STURDY ON THE DESERT OF MYSTERY;
An engrossing tale of the Sahara Desert, of encounters with
wild animals and crafty Arabs.

DON STURDY WITH THE BIG SNAKE HUNTERS;
Don's uncle, the hunter, took an order for some of the biggest
snakes to be found in South America--to be delivered alive!

DON STURDY IN THE TOMBS OF GOLD;
A fascinating tale of exploration and adventure in the Valley
of Kings in Egypt.

DON STURDY ACROSS THE NORTH POLE;
A great polar blizzard nearly wrecks the airship of the
explorers.

DON STURDY IN THE LAND OF VOLCANOES;
An absorbing tale of adventure among the volcanos of Alaska.

DON STURDY IN THE PORT OF LOST SHIPS;
This story is just full of exciting and fearful experiences on
the sea.

DON STURDY AMONG THE GORILLAS;
A thrilling story of adventure in darkest Africa. Don is
carried over a mighty waterfall into the heart of gorilla land.










THE PATCHWORK GIRL OF OZ

by L. FRANK BAUM

Affectionately dedicated to my young friend
Sumner Hamilton Britton of Chicago


Prologue

Through the kindness of Dorothy Gale of Kansas,
afterward Princess Dorothy of Oz, an humble writer
in the United States of America was once appointed
Royal Historian of Oz, with the privilege of
writing the chronicle of that wonderful fairyland.
But after making six books about the adventures of
those interesting but queer people who live in the
Land of Oz, the Historian learned with sorrow that
by an edict of the Supreme Ruler, Ozma of Oz, her
country would thereafter be rendered invisible to
all who lived outside its borders and that all
communication with Oz would, in the future, be cut off.


The children who had learned to look for the
books about Oz and who loved the stories about the
gay and happy people inhabiting that favored
country, were as sorry as their Historian that
there would be no more books of Oz stories. They
wrote many letters asking if the Historian did not
know of some adventures to write about that had
happened before the Land of Oz was shut out from
all the rest of the world. But he did not know of
any. Finally one of the children inquired why we
couldn't hear from Princess Dorothy by wireless
telegraph, which would enable her to communicate
to the Historian whatever happened in the far-off
Land of Oz without his seeing her, or even knowing
just where Oz is.

That seemed a good idea; so the Historian rigged
up a high tower in his back yard, and took lessons
in wireless telegraphy until he understood it,
and then began to call "Princess Dorothy of Oz" by
sending messages into the air.

Now, it wasn't likely that Dorothy would be
looking for wireless messages or would heed the
call; but one thing the Historian was sure of, and
that was that the powerful Sorceress, Glinda,
would know what he was doing and that he desired
to communicate with Dorothy. For Glinda has a big
book in which is recorded every event that takes
place anywhere in the world, just the moment that
it happens, and so of course the book would tell
her about the wireless message.

And that was the way Dorothy heard that the
Historian wanted to speak with her, and there was
a Shaggy Man in the Land of Oz who knew how to
telegraph a wireless reply. The result was that
the Historian begged so hard to be told the latest
news of Oz, so that he could write it down for the
children to read, that Dorothy asked permission of
Ozma and Ozma graciously consented.

That is why, after two long years of waiting,
another Oz story is now presented to the children
of America. This would not have been possible had
not some clever man invented the "wireless" and an
equally clever child suggested the idea of
reaching the mysterious Land of Oz by its means.

L. Frank Baum.

"OZCOT"
at Hollywood
in California



LIST OF CHAPTERS
1  - Ojo and Unc Nunkie
2  - The Crooked Magician
3  - The Patchwork Girl
4  - The Glass Cat
5  - A Terrible Accident
6  - The Journey
7  - The Troublesome Phonograph
8  - The Foolish Owl and the Wise Donkey
9  - They Meet the Woozy
10 - Shaggy Man to the Rescue
11 - A Good Friend
12 - The Giant Porcupine
13 - Scrapes and the Scarecrow
14 - Ojo Breaks the Law
15 - Ozma's Prisoner
16 - Princess Dorothy
17 - Ozma and Her Friends
18 - Ojo is Forgiven
19 - Trouble with the Tottenhots
20 - The Captive Yoop
21 - Hip Hopper the Champion
22 - The Joking Horners
23 - Peace is Declared
24 - Ojo Finds the Dark Well
25 - They Bribe the Lazy Quadling
26 - The Trick River
27 - The Tin Woodman Objects
28 - The Wonderful Wizard of Oz





The Patchwork Girl of Oz




Chapter One

Ojo and Unc Nunkie


"Where's the butter, Unc Nunkie?" asked Ojo.

Unc looked out of the window and stroked his
long beard. Then he turned to the Munchkin boy and
shook his head.

"Isn't," said he.

"Isn't any butter? That's too bad, Unc. Where's
the jam then?" inquired Ojo, standing on a stool
so he could look through all the shelves of the
cupboard. But Unc Nunkie shook his head again.

"Gone," he said.

"No jam, either? And no cake--no jelly--no
apples--nothing but bread?"

"All," said Unc, again stroking his beard as he
gazed from the window.

The little boy brought the stool and sat be side
his uncle, munching the dry bread slowly and
seeming in deep thought.

"Nothing grows in our yard but the bread
tree," he mused, "and there are only two more
loaves on that tree; and they're not ripe yet. Tell
me, Unc; why are we so poor?"

The old Munchkin turned and looked at Ojo. He
had kindly eyes, but he hadn't smiled or laughed
in so long that the boy had forgotten that Unc
Nunkie could look any other way than solemn. And
Unc never spoke any more words than he was obliged
to, so his little nephew, who lived alone with
him, had learned to understand a great deal from
one word.

"Why are we so poor, Unc?" repeated the

"Not," said the old Munchkin.

"I think we are," declared Ojo. "What have we
got?"

"House," said Unc Nunkie.

"I know; but everyone in the Land of Oz
has a place to live. What else, Unc?"

"Bread."

"I'm eating the last loaf that's ripe. There;
I've put aside your share, Unc. It's on the table,
so you can eat it when you get hungry. But when
that is gone, what shall we eat, Unc?"

The old man shifted in his chair but merely
shook his head.

"Of course," said Ojo, who was obliged to talk
because his uncle would not, "no one starves in
the Land of Oz, either. There is plenty for
everyone, you know; only, if it isn't just where
you happen to be, you must go where it is."

The aged Munchkin wriggled again and stared at
his small nephew as if disturbed by his argument.

"By tomorrow morning," the boy went on, we must
go where there is something to eat, or we shall
grow very hungry and become very unhappy."

"Where?" asked Unc.

"Where shall we go? I don't know, I'm sure,"
replied Ojo. "But you must know, Unc. You must
have traveled, in your time, because you're so
old. I don't remember it, because ever since I
could remember anything we've lived right here in
this lonesome, round house, with a little garden
back of it and the thick woods all around. All
I've ever seen of the great Land of Oz, Unc dear,
is the view of that mountain over at the south,
where they say the Hammerheads live--who won't let
anybody go by them--and that mountain at the
north, where they say nobody lives."

"One," declared Unc, correcting him.

"Oh, yes; one family lives there, I've heard.
That's the Crooked Magician, who is named
Dr. Pipt, and his wife Margolotte. One year you
told me about them; I think it took you a whole
year, Unc, to say as much as I've just said about
the Crooked Magician and his wife. They live
high up on the mountain, and the good Munchkin
Country, where the fruits and flowers grow, is
just the other side. It's funny you and I should
live here all alone, in the middle of the forest,
Isn't it?"

"Yes," said Unc.

"Then let's go away and visit the Munchkin
Country and its jolly, good-natured people. I'd
love to get a sight of something besides woods,
Unc Nunkie."

"Too little," said Unc.

"Why, I'm not so little as I used to be,"
answered the boy earnestly. "I think I can walk
as far and as fast through the woods as you
can, Unc. And now that nothing grows in our
back yard that is good to eat, we must go where
there is food."

Unc Nunkie made no reply for a time. Then
he shut down the window and turned his chair
to face the room, for the sun was sinking behind
the tree-tops and it was growing cool.

By and by Ojo lighted the fire and the logs
blazed freely in the broad fireplace. The two sat
in the firelight a long time--the old, white-
bearded Munchkin and the little boy. Both were
thinking. When it grew quite dark out-side, Ojo
said:

"Eat your bread, Unc, and then we will go to
bed."

But Unc Nunkie did not eat the bread; neither
did he go directly to bed. Long after his little
nephew was sound asleep in the corner of the room
the old man sat by the fire, thinking.




Chapter Two

The Crooked Magician


Just at dawn next morning Unc Nunkie laid his hand
tenderly on Ojo's head and awakened him.

"Come," he said.

Ojo dressed. He wore blue silk stockings, blue
knee pants with gold buckles, a blue ruffled
waist and a jacket of bright blue braided with
gold. His shoes were of blue leather and turned up
at the toes, which were pointed. His hat had a
peaked crown and a flat brim, and around the brim
was a row of tiny golden bells that tinkled when
he moved. This was the native costume of those
who inhabited the Munchkin Country of the Land of
Oz, so Unc Nunkie's dress was much like that of
his nephew. Instead of shoes, the old man wore
boots with turnover tops and his blue coat had
wide cuffs of gold braid.

The boy noticed that his uncle had not eaten
the bread, and supposed the old man had not
been hungry. Ojo was hungry, though; so he
divided the piece of bread upon the table and
ate his half for breakfast, washing it down with
fresh, cool water from the brook. Unc put the
other piece of bread in his jacket pocket, after
which he again said, as he walked out through
the doorway: "Come."

Ojo was well pleased. He was dreadfully
tired of living all alone in the woods and wanted
to travel and see people. For a long time he had
wished to explore the beautiful Land of Oz
in which they lived. When they were outside,
Unc simply latched the door and started up the
path. No one would disturb their little house,
even if anyone came so far into the thick forest
while they were gone.

At the foot of the mountain that separated the
Country of the Munchkins from the Country of the
Gillikins, the path divided. One way led to the
left and the other to the right--straight up the
mountain. Unc Nunkie took this right--hand path and
Ojo followed without asking why. He knew it would
take them to the house of the Crooked Magician,
whom he had never seen but who was their nearest
neighbor.

All the morning they trudged up the mountain path
and at noon Unc and Ojo sat on a fallen tree-trunk
and ate the last of the bread which the old
Munchkin had placed in his pocket. Then they
started on again and two hours later came in sight
of the house of Dr. Pipt.

It was a big house, round, as were all the
Munchkin houses, and painted blue, which is the
distinctive color of the Munchkin Country of Oz.
There was a pretty garden around the house, where
blue trees and blue flowers grew in abundance and
in one place were beds of blue cabbages, blue
carrots and blue lettuce, all of which were
delicious to eat. In Dr. Pipt's garden grew bun-
trees, cake-trees, cream-puff bushes, blue
buttercups which yielded excellent blue butter and
a row of chocolate-caramel plants. Paths of blue
gravel divided the vegetable and flower beds and a
wider path led up to the front door. The place was
in a clearing on the mountain, but a little way
off was the grim forest, which completely
surrounded it.

Unc knocked at the door of the house and
a chubby, pleasant-faced woman, dressed all in
blue, opened it and greeted the visitors with a
smile.

"Ah," said Ojo; "you must be Dame Margolotte,
the good wife of Dr. Pipt."

"I am, my dear, and all strangers are welcome
to my home."

"May we see the famous Magician, Madam?"

"He is very busy just now," she said, shaking
her head doubtfully. "But come in and let me
give you something to eat, for you must have
traveled far in order to get our lonely place."

"We have," replied Ojo, as he and Unc entered
the house. "We have come from a far lonelier place
than this."

"A lonelier place! And in the Munchkin Country?"
she exclaimed. "Then it must be somewhere in the
Blue Forest."

"It is, good Dame Margolotte."

"Dear me!" she said, looking at the man, "you
must be Unc Nunkie, known as the Silent One." Then
she looked at the boy. "And you must be Ojo the
Unlucky," she added.

"Yes," said Unc.

"I never knew I was called the Unlucky,"
said Ojo, soberly; "but it is really a good name
for me."

"Well," remarked the woman, as she bustled
around the room and set the table and brought food
from the cupboard, "you were unlucky to live all
alone in that dismal forest, which is much worse
than the forest around here; but perhaps your luck
will change, now you are away from it. If, during
your travels, you can manage to lose that 'Un' at
the beginning of your name  Unlucky,' you will
then become Ojo the Lucky, which will be a great
improvement."

"How can I lose that 'Un,' Dame Margolotte?"

"I do not know how, but you must keep the
matter in mind and perhaps the chance will
come to you," she replied.

Ojo had never eaten such a fine meal in all
his life. There was a savory stew, smoking hot,
a dish of blue peas, a bowl of sweet milk of a
delicate blue tint and a blue pudding with blue
plums in it. When the visitors had eaten heartily
of this fare the woman said to them:

"Do you wish to see Dr. Pipt on business or
for pleasure?"

Unc shook his head.

"We are traveling," replied Ojo, "and we
stopped at your house just to rest and refresh
ourselves. I do not think Unc Nunkie cares
very much to see the famous Crooked Magician;
but for my part I am curious to look at such
a great man.

The woman seemed thoughtful.

"I remember that Unc Nunkie and my husband used
to be friends, many years ago," she said, "so
perhaps they will be glad to meet again. The
Magician is very busy, as I said, but if you will
promise not to disturb him you may come into his
workshop and watch him prepare a wonderful charm."

"Thank you," replied the boy, much pleased.
"I would like to do that."

She led the way to a great domed hall at the
back of the house, which was the Magician's
workshop. There was a row of windows extending
nearly around the sides of the circular room,
which rendered the place very light, and there was
a back door in addition to the one leading to the
front part of the house. Before the row of windows
a broad seat was built and there were some chairs
and benches in the room besides. At one end stood
a great fireplace, in which a blue log was blazing
with a blue flame, and over the fire hung four
kettles in a row, all bubbling and steaming at a
great rate. The Magician was stirring all four of
these kettles at the same time, two with his
hands and two with his feet, to the latter, wooden
ladles being strapped, for this man was so very
crooked that his legs were as handy as his arms.

Unc Nunkie came forward to greet his old
friend, but not being able to shake either his
hands or his feet, which were all occupied in
stirring, he patted the Magician's bald head and
asked: "What?"

"Ah, it's the Silent One," remarked Dr. Pipt,
without looking up, "and he wants to know
what I'm making. Well, when it is quite finished
this compound will be the wonderful Powder
of Life, which no one knows how to make but
myself. Whenever it is sprinkled on anything,
that thing will at once come to life, no matter
what it is. It takes me several years to make this
magic Powder, but at this moment I am pleased
to say it is nearly done. You see, I am making it
for my good wife Margolotte, who wants to use
some of it for a purpose of her own. Sit down
and make yourself comfortable, Unc Nunkie,
and after I've finished my task I will talk to
you.

"You must know," said Margolottte, when they
were all seated together on the broad window-seat,
"that my husband foolishly gave away all the
Powder of Life he first made to old Mombi the
Witch, who used to live in the Country of the
Gillikins, to the north of here. Mombi gave to Dr.
Pipt a Powder of Perpetual Youth in exchange for
his Powder of Life, but she cheated him wickedly,
for the Powder of Youth was no good and could work
no magic at all."

"Perhaps the Powder of Life couldn't either,"
said Ojo.

"Yes; it is perfection," she declared. "The first
lot we tested on our Glass Cat, which not only
began to live but has lived ever since. She's
somewhere around the house now."

"A Glass Cat!" exclaimed Ojo, astonished.

"Yes; she makes a very pleasant companion, but
admires herself a little more than is considered
modest, and she positively refuses to catch mice,"
explained Margolotte. "My husband made the cat
some pink brains, but they proved to be too high-
bred and particular for a cat, so she thinks it is
undignified in her to catch mice. Also she has a
pretty blood-red heart, but it is made of stone--a
ruby, I think--and so is rather hard and unfeeling.
I think the next Class Cat the Magician makes will
have neither brains nor heart, for then it will
not object to catching mice and may prove of some
use to us."

"What did old Mombi the Witch do with the
Powder of Life your husband gave her?" asked
the boy.

"She brought Jack Pumpkinhead to life, for
one thing," was the reply. "I suppose you've
heard of jack Pumpkinhead. He is now living
near the Emerald City and is a great favorite
with the Princess Ozma, who rules all the Land
of Oz."

"No; I've never heard of him," remarked
Ojo. "I'm afraid I don't know much about the
Land of Oz. You see, I've lived all my life with
Unc Nunkie, the Silent One, and there was no
one to tell me anything."

"That is one reason you are Ojo the Unlucky,"
said the woman, in a sympathetic tone. "The more
one knows, the luckier he is, for knowledge is the
greatest gift in life."

"But tell me, please, what you intend to do
With this new lot of the Powder of Life, which
Dr. Pipt is making. He said his wife wanted it
for some especial purpose.

"So I do," she answered. "I want it to bring
my Patchwork Girl to life."

"Oh! A Patchwork Girl? What is that?" Ojo
asked, for this seemed even more strange and
unusual than a Glass Cat.

"I think I must show you my Patchwork
Girl," said Margolotte, laughing at the boy's
astonishment, "for she is rather difficult to
explain. But first I will tell you that for many
years I have longed for a servant to help me with
the housework and to cook the meals and wash the
dishes. No servant will come here because the
place is so lonely and out-of-the-way, so my
clever husband, the Crooked Magician, proposed
that I make a girl out of some sort of material
and he would make her live by sprinkling over her
the Powder of Life. This seemed an excellent
suggestion and at once Dr. Pipt set to work to
make a new batch of his magic powder. He has been
at it a long, long while, and so I have had plenty
of time to make the girl. Yet that task was not so
easy as you may suppose. At first I couldn't think
what to make her of, but finally in searching
through a chest I came across an old patchwork
quilt, which my grandmother once made when she was
young.

"What is a patchwork quilt?" asked Ojo.

"A bed-quilt made of patches of different kinds
and colors of cloth, all neatly sewed together.
The patches are of all shapes and sizes, so a
patchwork quilt is a very pretty and gorgeous
thing to look at. Sometimes it is called a
'crazyquilt,' because the patches and colors are
so mixed up. We never have used my grand-mother's
manycolored patchwork quilt, hand-some as it is,
for we Munchkins do not care for any color other
than blue, so it has been packed away in the chest
for about a hundred years. When I found it, I said
to myself that it would do nicely for my servant
girl, for when she was brought to life she would
not be proud nor haughty, as the Glass Cat is, for
such a dreadful mixture of colors would discourage
her from trying to, be as dignified as the blue
Munchkins are.

"Is blue the only respectable color, then?"
inquired Ojo.

"Yes, for a Munchkin. All our country is blue,
you know. But in other parts of Oz the people
favor different colors. At the Emerald City,
where our Princess Ozma lives, green is the
popular color. But all Munchkins prefer blue
to anything else and when my housework girl
is brought to life she will find herself to be of
so many unpopular colors that she'll never dare
be rebellious or impudent, as servants are
sometimes liable to be when they are made the same
way their mistresses are."

Unc Nunkie nodded approval.

"Good idea," he said; and that was a long
speech for Unc Nunkie because it was two
words.

"So I cut up the quilt," continued Margolotte,
"and made from it a very well-shaped girl,
which I stuffed with cotton-wadding. I will
show you what a good job I did," and she went
to a tall cupboard and threw open the doors.

Then back she came, lugging in her arms the
Patchwork Girl, which she set upon the bench
and propped up so that the figure would not
tumble over.




Chapter Three

The Patchwork Girl


Ojo examined this curious contrivance with wonder.
The Patchwork Girl was taller than he, when she
stood upright, and her body was plump and rounded
because it had been so neatly stuffed with cotton.
Margolotte had first made the girl's form from the
patchwork quilt and then she had dressed it with a
patchwork skirt and an apron with pockets in it--
using the same gay material throughout. Upon the
feet she had sewn a pair of red leather shoes with
pointed toes. All the fingers and thumbs of the
girl's hands had been carefully formed and stuffed
and stitched at the edges, with gold plates at the
ends to serve as finger-nails.

"She will have to work, when she comes to
life," said Marglotte.

The head of the Patchwork Girl was the most
curious part of her. While she waited for her
husband to finish making his Powder of Life the
woman had found ample time to complete the head as
her fancy dictated, and she realized that a good
servant's head must be properly constructed. The
hair was of brown yarn and hung down on her neck
in several neat braids. Her eyes were two silver
suspender-buttons cut from a pair of the
Magician's old trousers, and they were sewed on
with black threads, which formed the pupils of the
eyes. Margolotte had puzzled over the ears for
some time, for these were important if the servant
was to hear distinctly, but finally she had made
them out of thin plates of gold and attached them
in place by means of stitches through tiny holes
bored in the metal. Gold is the most common metal
in the Land of Oz and is used for many purposes
because it is soft and pliable.

The woman had cut a slit for the Patchwork
Girl's mouth and sewn two rows of white pearls
in it for teeth, using a strip of scarlet plush for
a tongue. This mouth Ojo considered very artistic
and lifelike, and Margolotte was pleased when the
boy praised it. There were almost too many patches
on the face of the girl for her to be considered
strictly beautiful, for one cheek was yellow and
the other red, her chin blue, her forehead purple
and the center, where her nose had been formed and
padded, a bright yellow.

"You ought to have had her face all pink,"
suggested the boy.

"I suppose so; but I had no pink cloth," replied
the woman. "Still, I cannot see as it matters
much, for I wish my Patchwork Girl to be useful
rather than ornamental. If I get tired looking at
her patched face I can whitewash it."

"Has she any brains?" asked Ojo.

"No; I forgot all about the brains!" exclaimed
the woman. "I am glad you reminded me of
them, for it is not too late to supply them, by
any means. Until she is brought to life I can
do anything I please with this girl. But I must
be careful not to give her too much brains, and
those she has must be such as are fitted to the
station she is to occupy in life. In other words,
her brains mustn't be very good."

"Wrong," said Unc Nunkie.

"No; I am sure I am right about that," returned
the woman.

"He means," explained Ojo, "that unless your
servant has good brains she won't know how to obey
you properly, nor do the things you ask her to
do."

"Well, that may be true," agreed Margolotte;
"but, on the contrary, a servant with too much
brains is sure to become independent and high-
and-mighty and feel above her work. This is a
very delicate task, as I said, and I must take
care to give the girl just the right quantity of
the right sort of brains. I want her to know just
enough, but not too much."

With this she went to another cupboard which was
filled With shelves. All the shelves were lined
With blue glass bottles, neatly labeled by the
Magician to show what they contained. One whole
shelf was marked: "Brain Furniture," and the
bottles on this shelf were labeled as follows:
"Obedience," "Cleverness," "Judgment," "Courage,"
"Ingenuity," "Amiability," "Learning," "Truth,"
"Poesy," "Self Reliance."

"Let me see," said Margolotte; "of those
qualities she must have 'Obedience' first of all,"
and she took down the bottle bearing that label
and poured from it upon a dish several grains of
the contents. "'Amiability' is also good and
'Truth.'" She poured into the dish a quantity from
each of these bottles. "I think that will do," she
continued, "for the other qualities are not needed
in a servant."

Unc Nunkie, who with Ojo stood beside her,
touched the bottle marked "Cleverness."

"Little," said he.

"A little 'Cleverness'? Well, perhaps you are
right, sir," said she, and was about to take down
the bottle when the Crooked Magician suddenly
called to her excitedly from the fireplace.

"Quick, Margolotte! Come and help me."

She ran to her husband's side at once and
helped him lift the four kettles from the fire.
Their contents had all boiled away, leaving in
the bottom of each kettle a few grains of fine
white powder. Very carefully the Magician removed
this powder, placing it all together in a golden
dish, where he mixed it with a golden spoon. When
the mixture was complete there was scarcely a
handful, all told.

"That," said Dr. Pipt, in a pleased and
triumphant tone, "is the wonderful Powder of Life,
which I alone in the world know how to make. It
has taken me nearly six years to prepare these
precious grains of dust, but the little heap on
that dish is worth the price of a kingdom and many
a king would give all he has to possess it. When
it has become cooled I will place it in a small
bottle; but meantime I must watch it carefully,
lest a gust of wind blow it away or scatter it.'

Unc Nunkie, Margolotte and the Magician
all stood looking at the marvelous Powder, but
Ojo was more interested just then in the Patchwork
Girl's brains. Thinking it both unfair and unkind
to deprive her of any good qualities that were
handy, the boy took down every bottle on the shelf
and poured some of the contents in Margolotte's
dish. No one saw him do this, for all were looking
at the Powder of Life; but soon the woman
remembered what she had been doing, and came back
to the cupboard.

"Let's see," she remarked; "I was about to give
my girl a little 'Cleverness,' which is the
Doctor's substitute for 'Intelligence'--a quality
he has not yet learned how to manufacture." Taking
down the bottle of "Cleverness" she added some of
the powder to the heap on the dish. Ojo became a
bit uneasy at this, for he had already put quite
a lot of the "Cleverness" powder in the dish; but
he dared not interfere and so he comforted himself
with the thought that one cannot have too much
cleverness.

Margolotte now carried the dish of brains to
the bench. Ripping the seam of the patch on
the girl's forehead, she placed the powder within
the head and then sewed up the seam as neatly
and securely as before.

"My girl is all ready for your Powder of Life,
my dear," she said to her husband. But the
Magician replied:

"This powder must not be used before tomorrow
morning; but I think it is now cool enough to be
bottled."

He selected a small gold bottle with a pepper-
box top, so that the powder might be sprinkled on
any object through the small holes. Very carefully
he placed the Powder of Life in the gold bottle
and then locked it up in a drawer of his cabinet.

"At last," said he, rubbing his hands together
gleefully, "I have ample leisure for a good talk
with my old friend Unc Nunkie. So let us sit
down cosily and enjoy ourselves. After stirring
those four kettles for six years I am glad to
have a little rest."

"You will have to do most of the talking,"
said Ojo, "for Unc is called the Silent One and
uses few words."

"I know; but that renders your uncle a
most agreeable companion and gossip," declared
Dr. Pipt. "Most people talk too much, so it is
a relief to find one who talks too little."

Ojo looked at the Magician with much awe
and curiosity.

"Don't you find it very annoying to be so
crooked?" he asked.

"No; I am quite proud of my person," was
the reply. "I suppose I am the only Crooked
Magician in all the world. Some others are accused
of being crooked, but I am the only genuine."

He was really very crooked and Ojo wondered how
he managed to do so many things with such a
twisted body. When he sat down upon a crooked
chair that had been made to fit him, one knee was
under his chin and the other near the small of his
back; but he was a cheerful man and his face bore
a pleasant and agreeable expression.

"I am not allowed to perform magic, except
for my own amusement," he told his visitors,
as he lighted a pipe with a crooked stem and
began to smoke. "Too many people were working
magic in the Land of Oz, and so our lovely
Princess Ozma put a stop to it. I think she was
quite right. There were several wicked Witches who
caused a lot of trouble; but now they are all out
of business and only the great Sorceress, Glinda
the Good, is permitted to practice her arts, which
never harm anybody. The Wizard of Oz, who used to
be a humbug and knew no magic at all, has been
taking lessons of Glinda, and I'm told he is
getting to be a pretty good Wizard; but he is
merely the assistant of the great Sorceress. I've
the right to make a servant girl for my wife, you
know, or a Glass Cat to catch our mice--which she
refuses to do--but I am forbidden to work magic for
others, or to use it as a profession."

"Magic must be a very interesting study,"
said Ojo.

"It truly is," asserted the Magician. "In my
time I've performed some magical feats that were
worthy of the skill of Glinda the Good. For
instance, there's the Powder of Life, and my
Liquid of Petrifaction, which is contained in that
bottle on the shelf yonder-over the window."

"What does the Liquid of Petrifaction do?"
inquired the boy.

"Turns everything it touches to solid marble.
It's an invention of my own, and I find it very
useful. Once two of those dreadful Kalidahs,
with bodies like bears and heads like tigers,
came here from the forest to attack us; but I
sprinkled some of that Liquid on them and
instantly they turned to marble. I now use them
as ornamental statuary in my garden. This table
looks to you like wood, and once it really was
wood; but I sprinkled a few drops of the Liquid
of Petrifaction on it and now it is marble. It
will never break nor wear out.

"Fine!" said Unc Nunkie, wagging his head
and stroking his long gray beard.

"Dear me; what a chatterbox you're getting
to be, Unc," remarked the Magician, who was
pleased with the compliment. But just then
there came a scratching at the back door and a
shrill voice cried:

"Let me in! Hurry up, can't you? Let me in!"

Margolotte got up and went to the door.

"Ask like a good cat, then," she said.

"Meeee-ow-w-w! There; does that suit your
royal highness?" asked the voice, in scornful
accents.

"Yes; that's proper cat talk," declared the
woman, and opened the door. At once a cat entered,
came to the center of the room and stopped short
at the sight of strangers. Ojo and Unc Nunkie both
stared at it with wide open eyes, for surely no
such curious creature had ever existed before--
even in the Land of Oz.




Chapter Four

The Glass Cat


The cat was made of glass, so clear and
transparent that you could see through it as
easily as through a window. In the top of its
head, however, Was a mass of delicate pink balls
which looked like jewels, and it had a heart made
of a blood-red ruby. The eyes were two large
emeralds, but aside from these colors all the rest
of the animal was clear glass, and it had a spun-
glass tail that was really beautiful.

"Well, Doc Pipt, do you mean to introduce us, or
not?" demanded the cat, in a tone of annoyance.
"Seems to me you are forgetting your manners."

"Excuse me," returned the Magician. "This
is Unc Nunkie, the descendant of the former
kings of the Munchkins, before this country be
came a part of the Land of Oz."

"He needs a haircut," observed the cat,
washing its face.

"True," replied Unc, with a low chuckle of
amusement.

"But he has lived alone in the heart of the
forest for many years," the Magician explained;
"and, although that is a barbarous country,
there are no barbers there."

"Who is the dwarf?" asked the cat.

"That is not a dwarf, but a boy," answered
the Magician. "You have never seen a boy before.
He is now small because he is young. With more
years he will grow big and become as tall as Unc
Nunkie."

"Oh. Is that magic?" the glass animal inquired.

"Yes; but it is Nature's magic, which is more
wonderful than any art known to man. For
instance, my magic made you, and made you
live; and it was a poor job because you are
useless and a bother to me; but I can't make you
grow. You will always be the same size--and
the same saucy, inconsiderate Glass Cat, with
pink brains and a hard ruby heart."

"No one can regret more than I the fact that you
made me," asserted the cat, crouching upon the
floor and slowly swaying its spun-glass tail from
side to side. "Your world is a very uninteresting
place. I've wandered through your gardens and in
the forest until I'm tired of it all, and when I
come into the house the conversation of your fat
wife and of yourself bores me dreadfully."

"That is because I gave you different brains
from those we ourselves possess--and much too
good for a cat," returned Dr. Pipt.

"Can't you take 'em out, then, and replace
em with pebbles, so that I won't feel above my
station in life?" asked the cat, pleadingly.

"Perhaps so. I'll try it, after I've brought the
Patchwork Girl to life," he said.

The cat walked up to the bench on which
the Patchwork Girl reclined and looked at her
attentively.

"Are you going to make that dreadful thing
live?" she asked.

The Magician nodded.

"It is intended to be my wife's servant maid,"
he said. "When she is alive she will do all our
work and mind the house. But you are not to
order her around, Bungle, as you do us. You
must treat the Patchwork Girl respectfully."

"I won't. I couldn't respect such a bundle
of scraps under any circumstances."

"If you don't, there will be more scraps than
you will like," cried Margolotte, angrily.

"Why didn't you make her pretty to look at?"
asked the cat. "You made me pretty--very pretty,
indeed--and I love to watch my pink brains roll
around when they're working, and to see my
precious red heart beat." She went to a long
mirror, as she said this, and stood before it,
looking at herself with an air of much pride.
"But that poor patched thing will hate herself,
when she's once alive," continued the cat. "If
I were you I'd use her for a mop, and make
another servant that is prettier."

"You have a perverted taste," snapped
Margolotte, much annoyed at this frank criticism.
"I think the Patchwork Girl is beautiful,
considering what she's made of. Even the rainbow
hasn't as many colors, and you must admit that the
rainbow is a pretty thing."

The Glass Cat yawned and stretched herself
upon the floor.

"Have your own way," she said. "I'm sorry
for the Patchwork Girl, that's all."

Ojo and Unc Nunkie slept that night in the
Magician's house, and the boy was glad to stay
because he was anxious to see the Patchwork
Girl brought to life. The Glass Cat was also a
wonderful creature to little Ojo, who had never
seen or known anything of magic before, although
he had lived in the Fairyland of Oz ever since he
was born. Back there in the woods nothing unusual
ever happened. Unc Nunkie, who might have been
King of the Munchkins, had not his people united
with all the other countries of Oz in
acknowledging Ozma as their Sole ruler, had
retired into this forgotten forest nook with his
baby nephew and they had lived all alone there.
Only that the neglected garden had failed to grow
food for them, they would always have lived in the
solitary Blue Forest; but now they had started out
to mingle with other people, and the first place
they came to proved so interesting that Ojo could
scarcely sleep a wink all night.

Margolotte was an excellent cook and gave
them a fine breakfast. While they were all engaged
in eating, the good woman said:

"This is the last meal I shall have to cook
for some time, for right after breakfast Dr. Pipt
has promised to bring my new servant to life.
I shall let her wash the breakfast dishes and
sweep and dust the house. What a relief it
will be!"

"It will, indeed, relieve you of much drudgery,"
said the Magician. "By the way, Margolotte, I
thought I saw you getting some brains from the
cupboard, while I was busy with my kettles. What
qualities have you given your new servant?"

"Only those that an humble servant requires,"
she answered. "I do not wish her to feel above
her station, as the Glass Cat does. That would
make her discontented and unhappy, for of
course she must always be a servant."

Ojo was somewhat disturbed as he listened to
this, and the boy began to fear he had done wrong
in adding all those different qualities of brains
to the lot Margolotte had prepared for the
servant. But it was too late now for regret, since
all the brains were securely sewn up inside the
Patchwork Girl's head. He might have confessed
what he had done and thus allowed Margolotte and
her husband to change the brains; but he was
afraid of incurring their anger. He believed that
Unc had seen him add to the brains, and Unc had
not said a word against it; but then, Unc never
did say anything unless it was absolutely
necessary.

As soon as breakfast was over they all went
into the Magician's big workshop, where the
Glass Cat was lying before the mirror and the
Patchwork Girl lay limp and lifeless upon the
bench.

"Now, then," said Dr. Pipt, in a brisk tone,
"we shall perform one of the greatest feats of
magic possible to man, even in this marvelous
Land of Oz. In no other country could it be
done at all. I think we ought to have a little
music while the Patchwork Girl comes to life.
It is pleasant to reflect that the first sounds her
golden ears will hear will be delicious music.

As he spoke he went to a phonograph, which
screwed fast to a small table, and wound up
the spring of the instrument and adjusted the
big gold horn.

"The music my servant will usually hear,"
remarked Margolotte, "will be my orders to do
her work. But I see no harm in allowing her to
listen to this unseen band while she wakens to
her first realization of life. My orders will beat
the band, afterward."

The phonograph was now playing a stirring
march tune and the Magician unlocked his
cabinet and took out the gold bottle containing
the Powder of Life.

They all bent over the bench on which the
Patchwork Girl reclined. Unc Nunkie and Margolotte
stood behind, near the windows, Ojo at one side
and the Magician in front, where he would have
freedom to sprinkle the powder. The Glass Cat came
near, too, curious to watch the important scene.

"All ready?" asked Dr. Pipt.

"All is ready," answered his wife.

So the Magician leaned over and shook from
the bottle some grains of the wonderful Powder,
and they fell directly on the Patchwork Girl's
head and arms.




Chapter Five

A Terrible Accident



"It will take a few minutes for this powder to
do its work," remarked the Magician, sprinkling
the body up and down with much care.

But suddenly the Patchwork Girl threw up one
arm, which knocked the bottle of powder from the
crooked man's hand and sent it flying across the
room. Unc Nunkie and Margolotte were so startled
that they both leaped backward and bumped
together, and Unc's head joggled the shelf above
them and upset the bottle containing the Liquid of
Petrifaction.

The Magician uttered such a wild cry that Ojo
jumped away and the Patchwork Girl sprang after
him and clasped her stuffed arms around him in
terror. The Glass Cat snarled and hid under the
table, and so it was that when the powerful Liquid
of Petrifaction was spilled it fell only upon the
wife of the Magician and the uncle of Ojo. With
these two the charm worked promptly. They stood
motionless and stiff as marble statues, in exactly
the positions they were in when the Liquid struck
them.

Ojo pushed the Patchwork Girl away and
ran to Unc Nunkie, filled with a terrible fear
for the only friend and protector he had ever
known. When he grasped Unc's hand it was
cold and hard. Even the long gray beard was
solid  marble.  The  Crooked  Magician  was
dancing around the room in a frenzy of despair,
calling upon his wife to forgive him, to speak
to him, to come to life again!

The Patchwork Girl, quickly recovering from her
fright, now came nearer and looked from one to
another of the people with deep interest. Then she
looked at herself and laughed. Noticing the
mirror, she stood before it and examined her
extraordinary features with amazement--her button
eyes, pearl bead teeth and puffy nose. Then,
addressing her reflection in the glass, she exclaimed:


"Whee, but there's a gaudy dame!
Makes a paint-box blush with shame.
Razzle-dazzle, fizzle-fazzle!
Howdy-do, Miss What's-your-name?"



She bowed, and the reflection bowed. Then
she laughed again, long and merrily, and the
Glass Cat crept out from under the table and said:

"I don't blame you for laughing at yourself.
Aren't you horrid?"

"Horrid?" she replied. "Why, I'm thoroughly
delightful. I'm an Original, if you please, and
therefore incomparable. Of all the comic, absurd,
rare and amusing creatures the world contains, I
must be the supreme freak. Who but poor Margolotte
could have managed to invent such an unreasonable
being as I? But I'm glad--I'm awfully glad!--that
I'm just what I am, and nothing else."

"Be quiet, will you?" cried the frantic
Magician; "be quiet and let me think! If I don't
think I shall go mad."

"Think ahead," said the Patchwork Girl, seating
herself in a chair. "Think all you want to. I
don't mind."

"Gee! but I'm fired playing that tune," called
the phonograph, speaking through its horn in
a brazen, scratchy voice. "If you don't mind,
Pipt, old boy, I'll cut it out and take a rest."

The Magician looked gloomily at the music-
machine.

"What dreadful luck!" he wailed, despondently.
"The Powder of Life must have fallen on the
phonograph."

He went up to it and found that the gold bottle
that contained the precious powder had dropped
upon the stand and scattered its life-giving
grains over the machine. The phonograph was very
much alive, and began dancing a jig with the legs
of the table to which it was attached, and this
dance so annoyed Dr. Pipt that he kicked the thing
into a corner and pushed a bench against it, to
hold it quiet.

"You were bad enough before," said the Magician,
resentfully; "but a live phonograph is enough to
drive every sane person in the Land of Oz stark
crazy."

"No insults, please," answered the phonograph in
a surly, tone. "You did it, my boy; don't blame
me. "

"You've bungled everything, Dr. Pipt," added
the Glass Cat, contemptuously.

"Except me," said the Patchwork Girl, jumping up
to whirl merrily around the room.

"I think," said Ojo, almost ready to cry
through grief over Unc Nunkie's sad fate, "it
must all be my fault, in some way. I'm called
Ojo the Unlucky, you know."

"That's nonsense, kiddie," retorted the
Patchwork Girl cheerfully. "No one can be unlucky
who has the intelligence to direct his own
actions. The unlucky ones are those who beg for a
chance to think, like poor Dr. Pipt here. What's
the row about, anyway, Mr. Magic-maker?"

"The Liquid of Petrifaction has accidentally
fallen upon my dear wife and Unc Nunkie and
turned them into marble," he sadly replied.

"Well, why don't you sprinkle some of that
powder on them and bring them to life again?"
asked the Patchwork Girl.

The Magician gave a jump.

"Why, I hadn't thought of that!" he joyfully
cried, and grabbed up the golden bottle, with
which he ran to Margolotte.

Said the Patchwork Girl:


"Higgledy, piggledy, dee-
What fools magicians be!
His head's so thick
He can't think quick,
So he takes advice from me."



Standing upon the bench, for he was so
crooked he could not reach the top of his wife's
head in any other way, Dr. Pipt began shaking
the bottle. But not a grain of powder came out.
He pulled off the cover, glanced within, and
then threw the bottle from him with a wail of
despair.

"Gone-gone! Every bit gone," he cried.
"Wasted on that miserable phonograph when
it might have saved my dear wife!"

Then the Magician bowed his head on his
crooked arms and began to cry.

Ojo was sorry for him. He went up to the
sorrowful man and said softly:

"You can make more Powder of Life, Dr. Pipt."

"Yes; but it will take me six years--six long,
weary years of stirring four kettles with both
feet and both hands," was the agonized reply. "Six
years! while poor Margolotte stands watching me as
a marble image. "

"Can't anything else be done?" asked the
Patchwork Girl.

The Magician shook his head. Then he seemed to
remember something and looked up.

"There is one other compound that would destroy
the magic spell of the Liquid of Petrifaction and
restore my wife and Unc Nunkie to life," said he.
"It may be hard to find the things I need to make
this magic compound, but if they were found I
could do in an instant what will otherwise take
six long, weary years of stirring kettles with
both hands and both feet."

"All right; let's find the things, then,"
suggested the Patchwork Girl. "That seems a lot
more sensible than those stirring times with the
kettles."

"That's the idea, Scraps," said the Glass Cat,
approvingly. "I'm glad to find you have decent
brains. Mine are exceptionally good. You can
see em work; they're pink."

"Scraps?" repeated the girl. "Did you call me
'Scraps'? Is that my name?"

"I--I believe my poor wife had intended to
name you 'Angeline,'" said the Magician.

"But I like 'Scraps' best," she replied with a
laugh. "It fits me better, for my patchwork is
all scraps, and nothing else. Thank you for
naming me, Miss Cat. Have you any name of
your own?"

"I have a foolish name that Margolotte once
gave me, but which is quite undignified for
one of my importance," answered the cat. "She
called me 'Bungle.'"

"Yes," sighed the Magician; "you were a sad
bungle, taken all in all. I was wrong to make
you as I did, for a more useless, conceited and
brittle thing never before existed."

"I'm not so brittle as you think," retorted the
cat. "I've been alive a good many years, for
Dr. Pipt experimented on me with the first
magic Powder of Life he ever made, and so
far I've never broken or cracked or chipped any
part of me."

"You seem to have a chip on your shoulder,"
laughed the Patchwork Girl, and the cat went
to the mirror to see.

"Tell me," pleaded Ojo, speaking to the
Crooked Magician, "what must we find to make
the compound that will save Unc Nunkie?"

"First," was the reply, "I must have a six-
leaved clover. That can only be found in the green
country around the Emerald City, and six-leaved
clovers are very scarce, even there."

"I'll find it for you," promised Ojo.

"The next thing," continued the Magician,
"is the left wing of a yellow butterfly. That
color can only be found in the yellow country
of the Winkies, West of the Emerald City."

"I'll find it," declared Ojo. "Is that all?"

"Oh, no; I'll get my Book of Recipes and see
what comes next."

Saying this, the Magician unlocked a drawer
of his cabinet and drew out a small book covered
with blue leather. Looking through the pages
he found the recipe he wanted and said: "I
must have a gill of water from a dark well."

"What kind of a well is that, sir?" asked the
boy.

"One where the light of day never penetrates.
The water must be put in a gold bottle and brought
to me without any light ever reaching it.

"I'll get the water from the dark well," said
Ojo.

"Then I must have three hairs from the tip
of a Woozy's tail, and a drop of oil from a live
man's body."

Ojo looked grave at this.

"What is a Woozy, please?" he inquired.

"Some sort of an animal. I've never seen one,
so I can't describe it," replied the Magician.

"If I can find a Woozy, I'll get the hairs from
its tail," said Ojo. "But is there ever any oil in a
man's body?"

The Magician looked in the book again, to make
sure.

"That's what the recipe calls for," he replied,
"and of course we must get everything that is
called for, or the charm won't work. The book
doesn't say 'blood'; it says 'oil,' and there must
be oil somewhere in a live man's body or the
book wouldn't ask for it."

"All right," returned Ojo, trying not to feel
discouraged; "I'll try to find it."

The Magician looked at the little Munchkin
boy in a doubtful way and said:

"All this will mean a long journey for you;
perhaps several long journeys; for you must search
through several of the different countries of Oz
in order to get the things I need."

"I know it, sir; but I must do my best to save
Unc Nunkie."

"And also my poor wife Margolotte. If you save
one you will save the other, for both stand there
together and the same compound will restore them
both to life. Do the best you can, Ojo, and while
you are gone I shall begin the six years job of
making a new batch of the Powder of Life. Then, if
you should unluckily fail to secure any one of the
things needed, I will have lost no time. But if
you succeed you must return here as quickly as you
can, and that will save me much tiresome stirring
of four kettles with both feet and both hands."

"I will start on my journey at once, sir," said
the boy.

"And I will go with you," declared the Patchwork
Girl.

"No, no!" exclaimed the Magician. "You have no
right to leave this house. You are only a servant
and have not been discharged."

Scraps, who had been dancing up and down
the room, stopped and looked at him.

"What is a servant?" she asked.

"One who serves. A--a Sort of slave," he
explained.

"Very well," said the Patchwork Girl, "I'm going
to serve you and your wife by helping Ojo find the
things you need. You need a lot, you know, such as
are not easily found."

"It is true," sighed Dr. Pipt. "I am well aware
that Ojo has undertaken a serious task."

Scraps laughed, and resuming her dance she said:


"Here's a job for a boy of brains:
A drop of oil from a live man's veins;
A six-leaved clover; three nice hairs
From a Woozy's tail, the book declares
Are needed for the magic spell,
And water from a pitch-dark well.
The yellow wing of a butterfly
To find must Ojo also try,
And if he gets them without harm,
Doc Pipt will make the magic charm;
But if he doesn't get 'em, Unc
Will always stand a marble chunk."


The Magician looked at her thoughtfully.

"Poor Margolotte must have given you some of the
quality of poesy, by mistake," he said. "And, if
that is true, I didn't make a very good article
when I prepared it, or else you got an overdose or
an underdose. However, I believe I shall let you
go with Ojo, for my poor wife will not need your
services until she is restored to life. Also I
think you may be able to help the boy, for your
head seems to contain some thoughts I did not
expect to find in it. But be very careful of
yourself, for you're a souvenir of my dear
Margolotte. Try not to get ripped, or your
stuffing may fall out. One of your eyes seems
loose, and you may have to sew it on tighter. If
you talk too much you'll wear out your scarlet
plush tongue, which ought to have been hemmed on
the edges. And remember you belong to me and must
return here as soon as your mission is
accomplished."

"I'm going with Scraps and Ojo," announced
the Glass Cat.

"You can't," said the Magician.

"Why not?"

"You'd get broken in no time, and you
couldn't be a bit of use to the boy and the
Patchwork Girl."

"I beg to differ with you," returned the cat,
in a haughty tone. "Three heads are better
than two, and my pink brains are beautiful.
You can see em work."

"Well, go along," said the Magician, irritably.
"You're only an annoyance, anyhow, and I'm glad to
get rid of you."

"Thank you for nothing, then," answered the cat,
stiffly.

Dr. Pipt took a small basket from a cupboard
and packed several things in it. Then he handed
it to Ojo.

"Here is some food and a bundle of charms," he
said. "It is all I can give you, but I am sure you
will find friends on your journey who will assist
you in your search. Take care of the Patchwork
Girl and bring her safely back, for she ought to
prove useful to my wife. As for the Glass Cat--
properly named Bungle--if she bothers you I now
give you my permission to break her in two, for
she is not respectful and does not obey me. I made
a mistake in giving her the pink brains, you see.

Then Ojo went to Unc Nunkie and kissed the old
man's marble face very tenderly.

"I'm going to try to save you, Unc," he said,
just as if the marble image could hear him; and
then he shook the crooked hand of the Crooked
Magician, who was already busy hanging the four
kettles in the fireplace, and picking up his
basket left the house.

The Patchwork Girl followed him, and after
them came the Glass Cat.




Chapter Six

The Journey


Ojo had never traveled before and so he only knew
that the path down the mountainside led into the
open Munchkin Country, where large numbers of
people dwelt. Scraps was quite new and not
supposed to know anything of the Land of Oz, while
the Glass Cat admitted she had never wandered very
far away from the Magician's house. There was only
one path before them, at the beginning, so they
could not miss their way, and for a time they
walked through the thick forest in silent thought,
each one impressed with the importance of the
adventure they had undertaken.

Suddenly the Patchwork Girl laughed. It was
funny to see her laugh, because her cheeks
wrinkled up, her nose tipped, her silver button
eyes twinkled and her mouth curled at the
corners in a comical way.

"Has something pleased you?" asked Ojo, who was
feeling solemn and joyless through thinking upon
his uncle's sad fate.

"Yes," she answered. "Your world pleases me, for
it's a queer world, and life in it is queerer
still. Here am I, made from an old bedquilt and
intended to be a slave to Margolotte, rendered
free as air by an accident that none of you could
foresee. I am enjoying life and seeing the world,
while the woman who made me is standing helpless
as a block of wood. If that isn't funny enough to
laugh at, I don't know what is."

"You're not seeing much of the world yet,
my poor, innocent Scraps," remarked the Cat.
"The world doesn't consist wholly of the trees
that are on all sides of us."

"But they're part of it; and aren't they pretty
trees?" returned Scraps, bobbing her head until
her brown yarn curls fluttered in the breeze.
"Growing between them I can see lovely ferns
and wild-flowers, and soft green mosses. If the
rest of your world is half as beautiful I shall be
glad I'm alive."

"I don't know what the rest of the world is
like, I'm sure," said the cat; "but I mean to
find out."

"I have never been out of the forest," Ojo
added; "but to me the trees are gloomy and sad
and the wild-flowers seem lonesome. It must be
nicer where there are no trees and there is room
for lots of people to live together."

"I wonder if any of the people we shall meet
will be as splendid as I am," said the Patchwork
Girl. "All I have seen, so far, have pale,
colorless skins and clothes as blue as the country
they live in, while I am of many gorgeous colors--
face and body and clothes. That is why I am bright
and contented, Ojo, while you are blue and sad."

"I think I made a mistake in giving you so many
sorts of brains," observed the boy. "Perhaps, as
the Magician said, you have an over-dose, and they
may not agree with you."

"What had you to do with my brains?" asked
Scraps.

"A lot," replied Ojo. "Old Margolotte meant
to give you only a few--just enough to keep
you going--but when she wasn't looking I added
a good many more, of the best kinds I could
find in the Magician's cupboard."

"Thanks," said the girl, dancing along the
path ahead of Ojo and then dancing back to his
side. "If a few brains are good, many brains
must be better."

"But they ought to be evenly balanced," said the
boy, "and I had no time to be careful. From the
way you're acting, I guess the dose was badly
mixed."

"Scraps hasn't enough brains to hurt her, so
don't worry," remarked the cat, which was trotting
along in a very dainty and graceful manner. "The
only brains worth considering are mine, which are
pink. You can see 'em work."

After walking a long time they came to a little
brook that trickled across the path, and here Ojo
sat down to rest and eat something from his
basket. He found that the Magician had given him
part of a loaf of bread and a slice of cheese. He
broke off some of the bread and was surprised to
find the loaf just as large as it was before. It
was the same way with the cheese: however much he
broke off from the slice, it remained exactly the
same size.

"Ah," said he, nodding wisely; "that's magic.
Dr. Pipt has enchanted the bread and the cheese,
so it will last me all through my journey, however
much I eat."

"Why do you put those things into your mouth?"
asked Scraps, gazing at him in astonishment. "Do
you need more stuffing? Then why don't you use
cotton, such as I am stuffed with?"

"I don't need that kind," said Ojo.

"But a mouth is to talk with, isn't it?"

"It is also to eat with," replied the boy. "If I
didn't put food into my mouth, and eat it, I would
get hungry and starve.

"Ah, I didn't know that," she said. "Give me
some."

Ojo handed her a bit of the bread and she put it
in her mouth.

"What next?" she asked, scarcely able to speak.

"Chew it and swallow it," said the boy.

Scraps tried that. Her pearl teeth were unable
to chew the bread and beyond her mouth there was
no opening. Being unable to swallow she threw away
the bread and laughed.

"I must get hungry and starve, for I can't eat,"
she said.

"Neither can I," announced the cat; "but I'm
not fool enough to try. Can't you understand
that you and I are superior people and not made
like these poor humans?"

"Why should I understand that, or anything
else?" asked the girl. "Don't bother my head by
asking conundrums, I beg of you. Just let me
discover myself in my own way."

With this she began amusing herself by leaping
across the brook and hack again.

"Be careful, or you'll fall in the water,"
warned Ojo.

"Never mind."

"You'd better. If you get wet you'll be soggy
and can't walk. Your colors might run, too,"
he said.

"Don't my colors run whenever I run?" she asked.

"Not in the way I mean. If they get wet, the
reds and greens and yellows and purples of your
patches might run into each other and become
just a blur--no color at all, you know."

"Then," said the Patchwork Girl, "I'll be
careful, for if I spoiled my splendid colors I
would cease to be beautiful."

"Pah!" sneered the Glass Cat, "such colors are
not beautiful; they're ugly, and in bad taste.
Please notice that my body has no color at all.
I'm transparent, except for my exquisite red heart
and my lovely pink brains--you can see 'em work."

"Shoo-shoo-shoo!" cried Scraps, dancing
around and laughing. "And your horrid green eyes,
Miss Bungle! You can't see your eyes, but we can,
and I notice you're very proud of what little
color you have. Shoo, Miss Bungle, shoo-shoo-shoo!
If you were all colors and many colors, as I am,
you'd be too stuck up for anything." She leaped
over the cat and back again, and the startled
Bungle crept close to a tree to escape her. This
made Scraps laugh more heartily than ever, and she
said:


"Whoop-tedoodle-doo!
The cat has lost her shoe.
Her tootsie's bare, but she don't care,
So what's the odds to you?"



"Dear me, Ojo," said the cat; "don't you think
the creature is a little bit crazy?"

"It may be," he answered, with a puzzled look.

"If she continues her insults I'll scratch off
her suspender-button eyes," declared the cat.

"Don't quarrel, please," pleaded the boy, rising
to resume the journey. "Let us be good comrades
and as happy and cheerful as possible, for we are
likely to meet with plenty of trouble on our way."

It was nearly sundown when they came to the edge
of the forest and saw spread out before them a
delightful landscape. There were broad blue fields
stretching for miles over the valley, which was
dotted everywhere with pretty, blue domed houses,
none of which, however, was very near to the place
where they stood. Just at the point where the path
left the forest stood a tiny house covered with
leaves from the trees, and before this stood a
Munchkin man with an axe in his hand. He seemed
very much surprised when Ojo and Scraps and the
Glass Cat came out of the woods, but as the
Patchwork Girl approached nearer he sat down upon
a bench and laughed so hard that he could not
speak for a long time.

This man was a woodchopper and lived all alone
in the little house. He had bushy blue whiskers
and merry blue eyes and his blue clothes were quite
old and worn.

"Mercy me!" exclaimed the woodchopper, when at
last he could stop laughing. "Who would think such
a funny harlequin lived in the Land of Oz? Where
did you come from, Crazy-quilt?"

"Do you mean me?" asked the Patchwork Girl.

"Of course," he replied.

"You misjudge my ancestry. I'm not a crazy-
quilt; I'm patchwork," she said.

"There's no difference," he replied, beginning
to laugh again. "When my old grandmother sews such
things together she calls it a crazy-quilt; but I
never thought such a jumble could come to life."

"It was the Magic Powder that did it," explained
Ojo.

"Oh, then you have come from the Crooked
Magician on the mountain. I might have known it,
for--Well, I declare! here's a glass cat. But the
Magician will get in trouble for this; it's
against the law for anyone to work magic except
Glinda the Good and the royal Wizard of Oz. If you
people--or things--or glass spectacles--or crazy-
quilts--or whatever you are, go near the Emerald
City, you'll be arrested."

"We're  going  there,  anyhow,"  declared
Scraps, sitting upon the bench and swinging her
stuffed legs.


"If any of us takes a rest,
We'll be arrested sure,
And get no restitution
'Cause the rest we must endure."


"I see," said the woodchopper, nodding; "you're
as crazy as the crazy-quilt you're made of."

"She really is crazy," remarked the Glass Cat.
"But that isn't to he wondered at when you
remember how many different things she's made of.
For my part, I'm made of pure glass--except my
jewel heart and my pretty pink brains. Did you
notice my brains, stranger? You can see em work."

"So I can," replied the woodchopper; "but I
can't see that they accomplish much. A glass cat
is a useless sort of thing, but a Patchwork Girl
is really useful. She makes me laugh, and laughter
is the best thing in life. There was once a
woodchopper, a friend of mine, who was made all of
tin, and I used to laugh every time I saw him."

"A tin woodchopper?" said Ojo. "That is
strange."

"My friend wasn't always tin," said the man,
"but he was careless with his axe, and used to
chop himself very badly. Whenever he lost an arm
or a leg he had it replaced with tin; so after a
while he was all tin."

"And could he chop wood then?" asked the boy.

"He could if he didn't rust his tin joints. But
one day he met Dorothy in the forest and went with
her to the Emerald City, where he made his
fortune. He is now one of the favorites of
Princess Ozma, and she has made him the Emperor of
the Winkies--the Country where all is yellow."

"Who is Dorothy?" inquired the Patchwork Girl.

"A little maid who used to live in Kansas, but
is now a Princess of Oz. She's Ozma's best
friend, they say, and lives with her in the royal
palace."

"Is Dorothy made of tin?" inquired Ojo.

"Is she patchwork, like me?" inquired Scraps.

"No," said the man; "Dorothy is flesh, just as I
am. I know of only one tin person, and that is
Nick Chopper, the Tin Woodman; and there will
never be but one Patchwork Girl, for any magician
that sees you will refuse to make another one like
you."

"I suppose we shall see the Tin Woodman, for we
are going to the Country of the Winkies," said the
boy.

"What for?" asked the woodchopper.

"To get the left wing of a yellow butterfly."

"It is a long journey," declared the man, "and
you will go through lonely parts of Oz and cross
rivers and traverse dark forests before you get
there."

"Suits me all right," said Scraps. "I'll get a
chance to see the country."

"You're crazy, girl. Better crawl into a rag-bag
and hide there; or give yourself to some little
girl to play with. Those who travel are likely to
meet trouble; that's why I stay at home."

The woodchopper then invited them all to
stay the night at his little hut, but they were
anxious to get on and so left him and continued
along the path, which was broader, now, and
more distinct.

They expected to reach some other house before
it grew dark, but the twilight was brief and Ojo
soon began to fear they had made a mistake in
leaving the woodchopper.

"I can scarcely see the path," he said at last.
"Can you see it, Scraps?"

"No," replied the Patchwork Girl, who was
holding fast to the boy's arm so he could
guide her.

"I can see," declared the Glass Cat. "My eyes
are better than yours, and my pink brains--"

"Never mind your pink brains, please," said
Ojo hastily; "just run ahead and show us the
way. Wait a minute and I'll tie a string to you;
for then you can lead us."

He got a string from his pocket and tied it
around the cat's neck, and after that the creature
guided them along the path. They had proceeded in
this way for about an hour when a twinkling blue
light appeared ahead of them.

"Good! there's a house at last," cried Ojo.
"When we reach it the good people will surely
welcome us and give us a night's lodging." But
however far they walked the light seemed to get
no nearer, so by and by the cat stopped short,
saying:

"I think the light is traveling, too, and we
shall never be able to catch up with it. But here
is a house by the roadside, so why go farther?"

"Where is the house, Bungle?"

"Just here beside us, Scraps."

Ojo was now able to see a small house near
the pathway. It was dark and silent, but the boy
was tired and wanted to rest, so he went up to
the door and knocked.

"Who is there?" cried a voice from within.

"I am Ojo the Unlucky, and with me are
Miss Scraps Patchwork and the Glass Cat," he
replied.

"What do you want?" asked the Voice.

"A place to sleep," said Ojo.

"Come in, then; but don't make any noise,
and you must go directly to bed," returned the
Voice.

Ojo unlatched the door and entered. It was
very dark inside and he could see nothing at all.
But the cat exclaimed: "Why, there's no one
here!"

"There must be," said the boy. "Some one
spoke to me."

"I can see everything in the room," replied the
cat, "and no one is present but ourselves. But
here are three beds, all made up, so we may as
well go to sleep."

"What is sleep?" inquired the Patchwork Girl.

"It's what you do when you go to bed," said Ojo.

"But why do you go to bed?" persisted the
Patchwork Girl.

"Here, here! You are making altogether too
much noise," cried the Voice they had heard
before. "Keep quiet, strangers, and go to bed."

The cat, which could see in the dark, looked
sharply around for the owner of the Voice, hut
could discover no one, although the Voice had
seemed close beside them. She arched her back
a little and seemed afraid. Then she whispered
to Ojo: "Come!" and led him to a bed.

With his hands the boy felt of the bed and
found it was big and soft, with feather pillows
and plenty of blankets. So he took off his shoes
and hat and crept into the bed. Then the cat
led Scraps to another bed and the Patchwork
Girl was puzzled to know what to do with it.

"Lie down and keep quiet," whispered the
cat, warningly.

"Can't I sing?" asked Scraps.

"Can't I whistle?" asked Scraps.

"Can't I dance till morning, if I want to?"
asked Scraps.

"You must keep quiet," said the cat, in a soft
voice.

"I don't want to," replied the Patchwork Girl,
speaking as loudly as usual. "What right have you
to order me around? If I want to talk, or yell, or
whistle--"

Before she could say anything more an unseen
hand seized her firmly and threw her out of the
door, which closed behind her with a sharp
slam. She found herself bumping and rolling in
the road and when she got up and tried to open
the door of the house again she found it locked.

"What has happened to Scraps?" asked Ojo.

"Never mind. Let's go to sleep, or something
will happen to us," answered the Glass Cat.

So Ojo snuggled down in his bed and fell
asleep, and he was so tired that he never
wakened until broad daylight.




Chapter Seven

The Troublesome Phonograph



When the boy opened his eyes next morning he
looked carefully around the room. These small
Munchkin houses seldom had more than one room in
them. That in which Ojo now found himself had
three beds, set all in a row on one side of it.
The Glass Cat lay asleep on one bed, Ojo was in
the second, and the third was neatly made up and
smoothed for the day. On the other side of the
room was a round table on which breakfast was
already placed, smoking hot. Only one chair was
drawn up to the table, where a place was set for
one person. No one seemed to be in the room except
the boy and Bungle.

Ojo got up and put on his shoes. Finding a
toilet stand at the head of his bed he washed his
face and hands and brushed his hair. Then he
went to the table and said:

"I wonder if this is my breakfast?"

"Eat it!" commanded a Voice at his side, so
near that Ojo jumped; But no person could he
see.

He was hungry, and the breakfast looked
good; so he sat down and ate all he wanted.
Then, rising, he took his hat and wakened the
Glass Cat.

"Come on, Bungle," said he; "we must go.

He cast another glance about the room and,
speaking to the air, he said: "Whoever lives here
has been kind to me, and I'm much obliged."

There was no answer, so he took his basket
and went out the door, the cat following him.
In the middle of the path sat the Patchwork
Girl, playing with pebbles she had picked up.

"Oh, there you are!" she exclaimed cheerfully.
"I thought you were never coming out. It has been
daylight a long time."

"What did you do all night?" asked the boy.

"Sat here and watched the stars and the
moon," she replied. "They're interesting. I never
saw them before, you know."

"Of course not," said Ojo.

"You were crazy to act so badly and get
thrown outdoors," remarked Bungle, as they
renewed their journey.

"That's all right," said Scraps. "If I hadn't
been thrown out I wouldn't have seen the stars,
nor the big gray wolf."

"What wolf?" inquired Ojo.

"The one that came to the door of the house
three times during the night."

"I don't see why that should be," said the
boy, thoughtfully; "there was plenty to eat in
that house, for I had a fine breakfast, and I
slept in a nice bed."

"Don't you feel tired?" asked the Patchwork
Girl, noticing that the boy yawned.

"Why, yes; I'm as tired as I was last night;
and yet I slept very well."

"And aren't you hungry?"

"It's strange," replied Ojo. "I had a good
breakfast, and yet I think I'll now eat some of
my crackers and cheese."

Scraps danced up and down the path. Then
she sang:


"Kizzle-kazzle-kore;
The wolf is at the door,
There's nothing to eat but a bone without meat,
And a bill from the grocery store."



"What does that mean?" asked Ojo.

"Don't ask me," replied Scraps. "I say what
comes into my head, but of course I know nothing
of a grocery store or bones without meat or
very much else."

"No," said the cat; "she's stark, staring,
raving crazy, and her brains can't be pink, for
they don't work properly."

"Bother the brains!" cried Scraps. "Who cares
for 'em, anyhow? Have you noticed how beautiful my
patches are in this sunlight?"

Just then they heard a sound as of footsteps
pattering along the path behind them and all three
turned to see what was coming. To their
astonishment they beheld a small round table
running as fast as its four spindle legs could
carry it, and to the top was screwed fast a
phonograph with a big gold horn.

"Hold on!" shouted the phonograph. "Wait for
me!"

"Goodness me; it's that music thing which the
Crooked Magician scattered the Powder of Life
over," said Ojo.

"So it is," returned Bungle, in a grumpy tone of
voice; and then, as the phonograph overtook them,
the Glass Cat added sternly: "What are you doing
here, anyhow?"

"I've run away," said the music thing. "After
you left, old Dr. Pipt and I had a dreadful
quarrel and he threatened to smash me to pieces if
I didn't keep quiet. Of course I wouldn't do that,
because a talking-machine is supposed to talk and
make a noise--and sometimes music. So I slipped out
of the house while the Magician was stirring his
four kettles and I've been running after you all
night. Now that I've found such pleasant company,
I can talk and play tunes all I want to."

Ojo was greatly annoyed by this unwelcome
addition to their party. At first he did not know
what to say to the newcomer, but a little thought
decided him not to make friends.

"We are traveling on important business," he
declared, "and you'll excuse me if I say we can't
be bothered."

"How very impolite!" exclaimed the phonograph.

"I'm sorry; but it's true," said the boy. "You'll
have to go somewhere else."

"This is very unkind treatment, I must say,
whined the phonograph, in an injured tone.
"Everyone seems to hate me, and yet I was intended
to amuse people."

"It isn't you we hate, especially," observed
the Glass Cat; "it's your dreadful music. When
I lived in the same room with you I was much
annoyed by your squeaky horn. It growls and
grumbles and clicks and scratches so it spoils
the music, and your machinery rumbles so that
the racket drowns every tune you attempt."

"That isn't my fault; it's the fault of my
records. I must admit that I haven't a clear
record," answered the machine.

"Just the same, you'll have to go away," said
Ojo.

"Wait a minute," cried Scraps. "This music
thing interests me. I remember to have heard
music when I first came to life, and I would like
to hear it again. What is your name, my poor
abused phonograph?"

"Victor Columbia Edison," it answered.

"Well, I shall call you 'Vic' for short," said
the Patchwork Girl. "Go ahead and play something."

"It'll drive you crazy," warned the cat.

"I'm crazy now, according to your statement.
Loosen up and reel out the music, Vic."

"The only record I have with me," explained
the phonograph, "is one the Magician attached
just before we had our quarrel. It's a highly
classical composition."

"A what?" inquired Scraps.

"It is classical music, and is considered the
best and most puzzling ever manufactured.
You're supposed to like it, whether you do or
not, and if you don't, the proper thing is to look
as if you did. Understand?"

"Not in the least," said Scraps.

"Then, listen!"

At once the machine began to play and in a
few minutes Ojo put his hands to his ears to
shut out the sounds and the cat snarled and
Scraps began to Jaugh.

"Cut it out, Vic," she said. "That's enough."

But the phonograph continued playing the dreary
tune, so Ojo seized the crank, jerked it free and
threw it into the road. However, the moment the
crank struck the ground it hounded back to the
machine again and began winding it up. And still
the music played.

"Let's run!" cried Scraps, and they all started
and ran down the path as fast as they could go.
But the phonograph was right behind them
and could run and play at the same time. It
called out, reproachfully:

"What's the matter? Don't you love classical
music?"

"No, Vic," said Scraps, halting. "We will
passical the classical and preserve what joy we
have left. I haven't any nerves, thank goodness,
but your music makes my cotton shrink."

"Then turn over my record. There's a rag-time
tune on the other side," said the machine.

"What's rag-time?"

"The opposite of classical."

"All right," said Scraps, and turned over the
record.

The phonograph now began to play a jerky jumble
of sounds which proved so bewildering that after a
moment Scraps stuffed her patchwork apron into the
gold horn and cried: "Stop--stop! That's the other
extreme. It's extremely bad!"

Muffled as it was, the phonograph played on.

"If you don't shut off that music I'll smash
your record," threatened Ojo.

The music stopped, at that, and the machine
turned its horn from one to another and said
with great indignation:  "What's the matter
now? Is it possible you can't appreciate rag-
time?"

"Scraps ought to, being rags herself," said
the cat; "but I simply can't stand it; it makes
my whiskers curl."

"It is, indeed, dreadful!" exclaimed Ojo, with
a shudder.

"It's enough to drive a crazy lady mad,"
murmured the Patchwork Girl. "I'll tell you what,
Vic," she added as she smoothed out her apron and
put it on again, "for some reason or other you've
missed your guess. You're not a concert; you're a
nuisance. "

"Music hath charms to soothe the savage
breast," asserted the phonograph sadly.

"Then we're not savages. I advise you to go
home and beg the Magician's pardon."

"Never! He'd smash me."

"That's what we shall do, if you stay here,"
Ojo declared.

"Run along, Vic, and bother some one else,"
advised Scraps. "Find some one who is real
wicked, and stay with him till he repents. In
that way you can do some good in the world."

The music thing turned silently away and
trotted down a side path, toward a distant
Munchkin village.

"Is that the way we go?" asked Bungle anxiously.

"No," said Ojo; "I think we shall keep straight
ahead, for this path is the widest and best.
When we come to some house we will inquire
the way to the Emerald City."




Chapter Eight

The foolish Owl and the Wise Donkey


On they went, and half an hour's steady walking
brought them to a house somewhat better than the
two they had already passed. It stood close to the
roadside and over the door was a sign that read:
"Miss Foolish Owl and Mr. Wise Donkey:  Public
Advisers."

When Ojo read this sign aloud Scraps said
laughingly: "Well, here is a place to get all the
advice we want, maybe more than we need. Let's go
in."

The boy knocked at the door.

"Come in!" called a deep bass voice.

So they opened the door and entered the house,
where a little light-brown donkey, dressed in a
blue apron and a blue cap, was engaged in dusting
the furniture with a blue cloth. On a shelf over
the window sat a great blue owl with a blue
sunbonnet on her head, blinking her big round
eyes at the visitors.

"Good morning," said the donkey, in his deep
voice, which seemed bigger than he was. "Did
you come to us for advice?"

"Why, we came, anyhow," replied Scraps, "and now
we are here we may as well have some advice. It's
free, isn't it?"

"Certainly," said the donkey. "Advice doesn't
cost anything--unless you follow it. Permit me to
say, by the way, that you are the queerest lot of
travelers that ever came to my shop. Judging you
merely by appearances, I think you'd better talk
to the Foolish Owl yonder."

They turned to look at the bird, which fluttered
its wings and stared back at them with its big
eyes.

"Hoot-ti-toot-ti-toot!" cried the owl.


"Fiddle-cum-foo,
Howdy-do?
Riddle-cum, tiddle-cum,
Too-ra-la-loo!"


"That beats your poetry, Scraps," said Ojo.

"It's just nonsense!" declared the Glass Cat.

"But it's good advice for the foolish," said
the donkey, admiringly. "Listen to my partner,
and you can't go wrong.

Said the owl in a grumbling voice:


"Patchwork Girl has come to life;
No one's sweetheart, no one's wife;
Lacking sense and loving fun,
She'll be snubbed by everyone."


"Quite a compliment! Quite a compliment, I
declare," exclaimed the donkey, turning to look at
Scraps. "You are certainly a wonder, my dear, and
I fancy you'd make a splendid pincushion. If you
belonged to me, I'd wear smoked glasses when I
looked at you."

"Why?" asked the Patchwork Girl.

"Because you are so gay and gaudy."

"It is my beauty that dazzles you," she
asserted. "You Munchkin people all strut around in
your stupid blue color, while I--"

"You are wrong in calling me a Munchkin,"
interrupted the donkey, "for I was born in the
Land of Mo and came to visit the Land of Oz
on the day it was shut off from all the rest of
the world. So here I am obliged to stay, and I
confess it is a very pleasant country to live in."

"Hoot-ti-toot!" cried the owl;

"Ojo's searching for a charm,
'Cause Unc Nunkie's come to harm.
Charms are scarce; they're hard to get;
Ojo's got a job, you bet!"


"Is the owl so very foolish?" asked the boy.

"Extremely so," replied the donkey. "Notice what
vulgar expressions she uses. But I admire the owl
for the reason that she is positively foolish.
Owls are supposed to be so very wise, generally,
that a foolish one is unusual, and you perhaps
know that anything or anyone unusual is sure to be
interesting to the wise."

The owl flapped its wings again, muttering
these words:


"It's hard to be a glassy cat--
No cat can be more hard than that;
She's so transparent, every act
Is clear to us, and that's a fact."


"Have you noticed my pink brains?" inquired
Bungle, proudly. "You can see 'em work."

"Not in the daytime," said the donkey. "She
can't see very well by day, poor thing. But her
advice is excellent. I advise you all to follow it."

"The owl hasn't given us any advice, as yet,"
the boy declared.

"No? Then what do you call all those sweet
poems?"

"Just foolishness," replied Ojo. "Scraps does
the same thing."

"Foolishness! Of course! To be sure! The Foolish
Owl must be foolish or she wouldn't be the Foolish
Owl. You are very complimentary to my partner,
indeed," asserted the donkey, rubbing his front
hoofs together as if highly pleased.

"The sign says that you are wise," remarked
Scraps to the donkey. "I wish you would prove it."

"With great pleasure," returned the beast.
"Put me to the test, my dear Patches, and I'll
prove my wisdom in the wink of an eye.

"What is the best way to get to the Emerald
City?" asked Ojo.

"Walk," said the donkey.

"I know; but what road shall I take?" was the
boy's next question.

"The road of yellow bricks, of course. It leads
directly to the Emerald City."

"And how shall we find the road of yellow
bricks?"

"By keeping along the path you have been
following. You'll come to the yellow bricks pretty
soon, and you'll know them when you see them
because they're the only yellow things in the
blue country."

"Thank you," said the boy. "At last you have
told me something."

"Is that the extent of your wisdom?" asked
Scraps.

"No," replied the donkey; "I know many
other things, but they wouldn't interest you.
So I'll give you a last word of advice: move on,
for the sooner you do that the sooner you'll
get to the Emerald City of Oz."

"Hoot-ti-toot-ti-toot-ti-too!" screeched the owl;


"Off you go! fast or slow,
Where you're going you don't know.
Patches, Bungle, Muchkin lad,
Facing fortunes good and bad,
Meeting dangers grave and sad,
Sometimes worried, sometimes glad--
Where you're going you don't know,
Nor do I, but off you go!"


"Sounds like a hint, to me," said the Patchwork Girl.

"Then let's take it and go," replied Ojo.

They said good-bye to the Wise Donkey and the
Foolish Owl and at once resumed their journey.




Chapter Nine

They Meet the Woozy



"There seem to be very few houses around here,
after all," remarked Ojo, after they had walked
for a time in silence.

"Never mind," said Scraps; "we are not looking
for houses, but rather the road of yellow bricks.
Won't it be funny to run across something yellow
in this dismal blue country?"

"There are worse colors than yellow in this
country," asserted the Glass Cat, in a spiteful
tone.

"Oh; do you mean the pink pebbles you call
your brains, and your red heart and green eyes?"
asked the Patchwork Girl.

"No; I mean you, if you must know it," growled
the cat.

"You're jealous!" laughed Scraps. "You'd give
your whiskers for a lovely variegated complexion
like mine."

"I wouldn't!" retorted the cat. "I've the
clearest complexion in the world, and I don't
employ a beauty-doctor, either."

"I see you don't," said Scraps.

"Please don't quarrel," begged Ojo. "This is an
important journey, and quarreling makes me
discouraged. To be brave, one must be cheerful, so
I hope you will be as good-tempered as possible."

They had traveled some distance when suddenly
they faced a high fence which barred any further
progress straight ahead. It ran directly across
the road and enclosed a small forest of tall
trees, set close together. When the group of
adventurers peered through the bars of the fence
they thought this forest looked more gloomy and
forbidding than any they had ever seen before.

They soon discovered that the path they had
been following now made a bend and passed
around the enclosure, but what made Ojo stop
and look thoughtful was a sign painted on the
fence which read:


"BEWARE OF THE WOOZY!"


"That means," he said, "that there's a Woozy
inside that fence, and the Woozy must be a
dangerous animal or they wouldn't tell people
to beware of it."

"Let's keep out, then," replied Scraps. "That
path is outside the fence, and Mr. Woozy may have
all his little forest to himself, for all we care."

"But one of our errands is to find a Woozy,"
Ojo explained. "The Magician wants me to get
three hairs from the end of a Woozy's tail."

"Let's go on and find some other Woozy,"
suggested the cat. "This one is ugly and
dangerous, or they wouldn't cage him up. Maybe
we shall find another that is tame and gentle."

"Perhaps there isn't any other, at all,"
answered Ojo. "The sign doesn't say: 'Beware a
Woozy'; it says: 'Beware the Woozy,' which may,
mean there's only one in all the Land of Oz.

"Then," said Scraps, "suppose we go in and
find him? Very likely if we ask him politely to
let us pull three hairs out of the tip of his tail
he won't hurt us."

"It would hurt him, I'm sure, and that would
make him cross," said the cat.

"You needn't worry, Bungle," remarked the
Patchwork Girl; "for if there is danger you can
climb a tree. Ojo and I are not afraid; are we,
Ojo?"

"I am, a little," the boy admitted; "but this
danger must be faced, if we intend to save poor

Unc Nunkie. How shall we get over the fence?"

"Climb," answered Scraps, and at once she began
climbing up the rows of bars. Ojo followed and
found it more easy than he had expected. When they
got to the top of the fence they began to get down
on the other side and soon were in the forest. The
Glass Cat, being small, crept between the lower
bars and joined them.

Here there was no path of any sort, so they
entered the woods, the boy leading the way,
and wandered through the trees until they were
nearly in the center of the forest. They now
came upon a clear space in which stood a rocky
cave.

So far they had met no living creature, but
when Ojo saw the cave he knew it must be the
den of the Woozy.

It is hard to face any savage beast without
a sinking of the heart, but still more terrifying
is it to face an unknown beast, which you have
never seen even a picture of. So there is little
wonder that the pulses of the Munchkin boy
beat fast as he and his companions stood facing
the cave. The opening was perfectly square,
and about big enough to admit a goat.

"I guess the Woozy is asleep," said Scraps.
"Shall I throw in a stone, to waken him?"

"No; please don't," answered Ojo, his voice
trembling a little. "I'm in no hurry."

But he had not long to wait, for the Woozy
heard the sound of voices and came trotting out
of his cave. As this is the only Woozy that has
ever lived, either in the Land of Oz or out of
it, I must describe it to you.

The creature was all squares and flat surfaces
and edges. Its head was an exact square, like
one of the building-blocks a child plays with;
therefore it had no ears, but heard sounds
through two openings in the upper corners. Its
nose, being in the center of a square surface,
was flat, while the mouth was formed by the
opening of the lower edge of the block. The
body of the Woozy was much larger than its
head, but was likewise block-shaped--being
twice as long as it was wide and high. The tail
was square and stubby and perfectly straight,
and the four legs were made in the same way,
each being four-sided. The animal was covered
with a thick, smooth skin and had no hair at all
except at the extreme end of its tail, where there
grew exactly three stiff, stubby hairs. The beast
was dark blue in color and his face was not
fierce nor ferocious in expression, but rather
good-humored and droll.

Seeing the strangers, the Woozy folded his
hind legs as if they Lad been hinged and sat
down to look his visitors over.

"Well, well," he exclaimed; "what a queer lot
you are! at first I thought some of those
miserable Munchkin farmers had come to annoy me,
but I am relieved to find you in their stead. It
is plain to me that you are a remarkable group--as
remarkable in your way as I am in mine--and so you
are welcome to my domain. Nice place, isn't it?
But lonesome-dreadfully lonesome."

"Why did they shut you up here?" asked
Scraps, who was regarding the queer, square
creature with much curiosity.

"Because I eat up all the honey-bees which
the Munchkin farmers who live around here
keep to make them honey."

"Are you fond of eating honey-bees?" inquired
the boy.

"Very. They are really delicious. But the
farmers did not like to lose their bees and so
they tried to destroy me. Of course they couldn't
do that."

"Why not?"

"My skin is so thick and tough that nothing can
get through it to hurt me. So, finding they could
not destroy me, they drove me into this forest and
built a fence around me. Unkind, wasn't it?"

"But what do you eat now?" asked Ojo.

"Nothing at all. I've tried the leaves from the
trees and the mosses and creeping vines, but they
don't seem to suit my taste. So, there being no
honey-bees here, I've eaten nothing for years.

"You must be awfully hungry," said the boy.
"I've got some bread and cheese in my basket.
Would you like that kind of food?"

"Give me a nibble and I will try it; then I
can tell you better whether it is grateful to my
appetite," returned the Woozy.

So the boy opened his basket and broke a
piece off the loaf of bread. He tossed it toward
the Woozy, who cleverly caught it in his mouth
and ate it in a twinkling.

"That's rather good," declared the animal.
"Any more?"

"Try some cheese," said Ojo, and threw down a
piece.

The Woozy ate that, too, and smacked its long,
thin lips.

"That's mighty good!" it exclaimed. "Any more?"

"Plenty," replied Ojo. So he sat down on a Stump
and fed the Woozy bread and cheese for a long
time; for, no matter how much the boy broke off,
the loaf and the slice remained just as big.

"That'll do," said the Woozy, at last; "I'm
quite full. I hope the strange food won't give
me indigestion.

"I hope not," said Ojo. "It's what I eat."

"Well, I must say I'm much obliged, and
I'm glad you came," announced the beast. "Is
there anything I can do in return for your
kindness?"

"Yes," said Ojo earnestly, "you have it in
your power to do me a great favor, if you will."

"What is it?" asked the Woozy. "Name the
favor and I will grant it."

"I--I want three hairs from the tip of your
tail," said Ojo, with some hesitation.

"Three hairs! Why, that's all I have--on my
tail or anywhere else," exclaimed the beast.

"I know; but I want them very much."

"They are my sole ornaments, my prettiest
feature," said the Woozy, uneasily. "If I give
up those three hairs I--I'm just a blockhead."

"Yet I must have them," insisted the boy,
firmly, and he then told the Woozy all about the
accident to Unc Nunkie and Margolotte, and how the
three hairs were to be a part of the magic charm
that would restore them to life. The beast
listened with attention and when Ojo had finished
the recital it said, with a sigh.

"I always keep my word, for I pride myself on
being square. So you may have the three hairs, and
welcome. I think, under such circumstances, it
would be selfish in me to refuse you."

"Thank you! Thank you very much," cried
the boy, joyfully. "May I pull out the hairs
now?"

"Any time you like," answered the Woozy.

So Ojo went up to the queer creature and
taking hold of one of the hairs began to pull.
He pulled harder. He pulled with all his might;
but the hair remained fast.

"What's the trouble?" asked the Woozy,
which Ojo had dragged here and there all
around the clearing in his endeavor to pull out
the hair.

"It won't come," said the boy, panting.

"I was afraid of that," declared the beast.
"You'll have to pull harder."

"I'll help you," exclaimed Scraps, coming to
the boy's side. "You pull the hair, and I'll pull
you, and together we ought to get it out easily."

"Wait a jiffy," called the Woozy, and then
it went to a tree and hugged it with its front
paws, so that its body couldn't be dragged
around by the pull. "All ready, now. Go ahead!"

Ojo grasped the hair with both hands and
pulled with all his strength, while Scraps seized
the boy around his waist and added her strength
to his. But the hair wouldn't budge. Instead, it
slipped out of Ojo's hands and he and Scraps
both rolled upon the ground in a heap and never
stopped until they bumped against the rocky
cave.

"Give it up," advised the Glass Cat, as the
boy arose and assisted the Patchwork Girl to her
feet. "A dozen strong men couldn't pull out
those Hairs. I believe they're clinched on the
under side of the Woozy's thick skin."

"Then what shall I do?" asked the boy,
despairingly. "If on our return I fail to take
these three hairs to the Crooked Magician, the
other things I have come to seek will be of no
use at all, and we cannot restore Unc Nunkie
and Margolotte to life."

"They're goners, I guess," said the Patchwork
Girl.

"Never mind," added the cat. "I can't see that
old Unc and Margolotte are worth all this trouble,
anyhow."

But Ojo did not feel that way. He was so
disheartened that he sat down upon a stump and
began to cry.

The Woozy looked at the boy thoughtfully.

"Why don't you take me with you?" asked the
beast. "Then, when at last you get to the
Magician's house, he can surely find some way to
pull out those three hairs."

Ojo was overjoyed at this suggestion.

"That's it!" he cried, wiping away the tears
and springing to his feet with a smile. "If I take
the three hairs to the Magician, it won't matter
if they are still in your body."

"It can't matter in the least," agreed the
Woozy.

"Come on, then," said the boy, picking up his
basket; "let us start at once. I have several other
things to find, you know."

But the Class Cat gave a little laugh and
inquired in her scornful way:

"How do you intend to get the beast out of this
forest?"

That puzzled them all for a time.

"Let us go to the fence, and then we may find a
way," suggested Scraps. So they walked through the
forest to the fence, reaching it at a point
exactly opposite that where they had entered the
enclosure.

"How did you get in?" asked the Woozy.

"We climbed over," answered Ojo.

"I can't do that," said the beast. "I'm a very
swift runner, for I can overtake a honey-bee as
it flies; and I can jump very high, which is the
reason they made such a tall fence to keep me
in. But I can't climb at all, and I'm too big to
squeeze between the bars of the fence."

Ojo tried to think what to do.

"Can you dig?" he asked.

"No," answered the Woozy, "for I have no
claws. My feet are quite flat on the bottom of
them. Nor can I gnaw away the boards, as I
have no teeth."

"You're not such a terrible creature, after all,"
remarked Scraps.

"You haven't heard me growl, or you wouldn't say
that," declared the Woozy. "When I growl, the
sound echoes like thunder all through the valleys
and woodlands, and children tremble with fear, and
women cover their heads with their aprons, and big
men run and hide. I suppose there is nothing in
the world so terrible to listen to as the growl of
a Woosy."

"Please don't growl, then," begged Ojo,
earnestly.

"There is no danger of my growling, for
I am not angry. Only when angry do I utter
my fearful, ear-splitting, soul-shuddering growl.
Also, when I am angry, my eyes flash fire,
whether I growl or not."

"Real fire?" asked Ojo.

"Of course, real fire. Do you suppose they'd
flash imitation fire?" inquired the Woozy, in an
injured tone.

"In that case, I've solved the riddle," cried
Scraps, dancing with glee. "Those fence-boards
are made of wood, and if the Woozy stands
close to the fence and lets his eyes flash fire,
they might set fire to the fence and burn it up.
Then he could walk away with us easily, being
free."

"Ah, I have never thought of that plan, or I
would have been free long ago," said the Woozy.
"But I cannot flash fire from my eyes unless I am
very angry."

"Can't you get angry 'bout something, please?"
asked Ojo.

"I'll try. You just say 'Krizzle-Kroo' to me."

"Will that make you angry?" inquired the boy~.

"Terribly angry."

"What does it mean?" asked Scraps.

"I don't know; that's what makes me so angry,"
re-plied the Woozy.

He then stood close to the fence, with his
head near one of the boards, and Scraps called out
"Krizzle-Kroo!" Then Ojo said "Krizzle-Kroo!"
and the Glass Cat said "Krizzle-Kroo!" The Woozy
began  to tremble with anger and small sparks
darted from his eyes. Seeing this, they all cried
"Krizzle-Kroo!" together, and that made the
beast's eyes flash fire so fiercely that the
fence-board caught the sparks and began to smoke.
Then it burst into flame, and the Woozy stepped
back and said triumphantly:

"Aha! That did the business, all right. It was
a happy thought for you to yell all together, for
that made me as angry as I have ever been.
Fine sparks, weren't they?"

"Reg'lar fireworks," replied Scraps, admiringly.

In a few moments the board had burned to a
distance of several feet, leaving an opening big
enough for them all to pass through. Ojo broke
some branches from a tree and with them
whipped the fire until it was extinguished.

"We don't want to burn the whole fence
down," said he, "for the flames would attract
the attention of the Munchkin farmers, who
would then come and capture the Woozy again.
I guess they'll be rather surprised when they
find he's escaped."

"So they will," declared the Woozy, chuckling
gleefully. "When they find I'm gone the farmers
will be badly scared, for they'll expect me to eat
up their honey-bees, as I did before."

"That reminds me," said the boy, "that you must
promise not to eat honey-bees while you are in our
company."

"None at all?"

"Not a bee. You would get us all into trouble,
and we can't afford to have any more trouble than
is necessary. I'll feed you all the bread and
cheese you want, and that must satisfy you."

"All right; I'll promise," said the Woozy,
cheerfully. "And when I promise anything you
can depend on it, 'cause I'm square."

"I don't see what difference that makes,"
observed the Patchwork Girl, as they found the
path and continued their journey. "The shape
doesn't make a thing honest, does it?"

"Of course it does," returned the Woozy, very
decidedly. "No one could trust that Crooked
Magician, for instance, just because he is
crooked; but a square Woozy couldn't do anything
crooked if he wanted to."

"I am neither square nor crooked," said
Scraps, looking down at her plump body.

"No; you're round, so you're liable to do
anything," asserted the Woozy. "Do not blame me,
Miss Gorgeous, if I regard you with suspicion.
Many a satin ribbon has a cotton back."

Scraps didn't understand this, but she had an
uneasy misgiving that she had a cotton back
herself. It would settle down, at times, and make
her squat and dumpy, and then she had to roll
herself in the road until her body stretched out again.




Chapter Ten

Shaggy Man to the Rescue


They had not gone very far before Bungle, who had
run on ahead, came bounding back to say that the
road of yellow bricks was just before them. At
once they hurried forward to see what this famous
road looked like.

It was a broad road, but not straight, for it
wandered over hill and dale and picked out the
easiest places to go. All its length and breadth
was paved with smooth bricks of a bright yellow
color, so it was smooth and level except in a few
places where the bricks had crumbled or been
removed, leaving holes that might cause the unwary
to stumble.

"I wonder," said Ojo, looking up and down the
road, "which way to go."

"Where are you bound for?" asked the Woozy.

"The Emerald City," he replied.

"Then go west," said the Woozy. "I know this
road pretty well, for I've chased many a honey-bee
over it."

"Have you ever been to the Emerald City?"
asked Scraps.

"No. I am very shy by nature, as you may have
noticed, so I haven't mingled much in society."

"Are you afraid of men?" inquired the Patchwork
Girl.

"Me? With my heart-rending growl-my horrible,
shudderful growl? I should say not. I am not
afraid of anything," declared the Woozy.

"I wish I could say the same," sighed Ojo. "I
don't think we need be afraid when we get to the
Emerald City, for Unc Nunkie has told me that
Ozma, our girl Ruler, is very lovely and kind, and
tries to help everyone who is in trouble. But they
say there are many dangers lurking on the road to
the great Fairy City, and so we must be very
careful."

"I hope nothing will break me," said the
Glass Cat, in a nervous voice. "I'm a little brittle,
you know, and can't stand many hard knocks."

"If anything should fade the colors of my lovely
patches it would break my heart," said the
Patchwork Girl.

"I'm not sure you have a heart," Ojo reminded
her.

"Then it would break my cotton," persisted
Scraps. "Do you think they are all fast colors,
Ojo?" she asked anxiously.

"They seem fast enough when you run," he
replied; and then, looking ahead of them, he
exclaimed: "Oh, what lovely trees!"

They were certainly pretty to look upon and
the travelers hurried forward to observe them
more closely.

"Why, they are not trees at all," said Scraps;
"they are just monstrous plants."

That is what they really were: masses of great
broad leaves which rose from the ground far into
the air, until they towered twice as high as the
top of the Patchwork Girl's head, who was a little
taller than Ojo. The plants formed rows on both
sides of the road and from each plant rose a dozen
or more of the big broad leaves, which swayed
continually from side to side, although no wind
was blowing. But the most curious thing about the
swaying leaves was their color. They seemed to
have a general groundwork of blue, but here and
there other colors glinted at times through the
blue--gorgeous yellows, turning to pink, purple,
orange and scarlet, mingled with more sober browns
and grays--each appearing as a blotch or stripe
anywhere on a leaf and then disappearing, to be
replaced by some other color of a different shape.
The changeful coloring of the great leaves was
very beautiful, but it was bewildering, as well,
and the novelty of the scene drew our travelers
close to the line of plants, where they stood
watching them with rapt interest.

Suddenly a leaf bent lower than usual and
touched the Patchwork Girl. Swiftly it enveloped
her in its embrace, covering her completely in
its thick folds, and then it swayed back upon its
stem.

"Why, she's gone!" gasped Ojo, in amazement, and
listening carefully he thought he could hear the
muffled screams of Scraps coming from the center
of the folded leaf. But, before he could think
what he ought to do to save her, another leaf bent
down and captured the Glass Cat, rolling around
the little creature until she was completely
hidden, and then straightening up again upon its
stem.

"Look out," cried the Woozy. "Run! Run
fast, or you are lost."

Ojo turned and saw the Woozy running
swiftly up the road. But the last leaf of the row
of plants seized the beast even as he ran and
instantly he disappeared from sight.

The boy had no chance to escape. Half a dozen of
the great leaves were bending toward him from
different directions and as he stood hesitating
one of them clutched him in its embrace. In a
flash he was in the dark. Then he felt himself
gently lifted until he was swaying in the air,
with the folds of the leaf hugging him on all
sides.

At first he struggled hard to escape, crying
out in anger: "Let me go! Let me go!" But
neither struggles nor protests had any effect
whatever. The leaf held him firmly and he was
a prisoner."

Then Ojo quieted himself and tried to think.
Despair fell upon him when he remembered that all
his little party had been captured, even as he
was, and there was none to save them.

"I might have expected it," he sobbed,
miserably. "I'm Ojo the Unlucky, and something
dreadful was sure to happen to me."

He pushed against the leaf that held him and
found it to be soft, but thick and firm. It was
like a great bandage all around him and he
found it difficult to move his body or limbs in
order to change their position.

The minutes passed and became hours. Ojo
wondered how long one could live in such a
condition and if the leaf would gradually sap
his strength and even his life, in order to feed
itself. The little Munchkin boy had never heard
of any person dying in the Land of Oz, but he
knew one could suffer a great deal of pain. His
greatest fear at this time was that he would
always remain imprisoned in the beautiful leaf
and never see the light of day again.

No sound came to him through the leaf; all
around was intense silence. Ojo wondered if Scraps
had stopped screaming, or if the folds of the leaf
prevented his hearing her. By and by he thought he
heard a whistle, as of some one whistling a tune.
Yes; it really must be some one whistling, he
decided, for he could follow the strains of a
pretty Munchkin melody that Unc Nunkie used to
sing to him. The sounds were low and sweet and,
although they reached Ojo's ears very faintly,
they were clear and harmonious.

Could the leaf whistle, Ojo wondered? Nearer and
nearer came the sounds and then they seemed to be
just the other side of the leaf that was hugging
him.

Suddenly the whole leaf toppled and fell,
carrying the boy with it, and while he sprawled at
full length the folds slowly relaxed and set him
free. He scrambled quickly to his feet and found
that a strange man was standing before him--a man
so curious in appearance that the boy stared with
round eyes.

He was a big man, with shaggy whiskers, shaggy
eyebrows, shaggy hair--but kindly blue eyes that
were gentle as those of a cow. On his head was a
green velvet hat with a jeweled band, which was
all shaggy around the brim. Rich but shaggy laces
were at his throat; a coat with shaggy edges was
decorated with diamond buttons; the velvet
breeches had jeweled buckles at the knees and
shags all around the bottoms. On his breast hung a
medallion bearing a picture of Princess Dorothy of
Oz, and in his hand, as he stood looking at Ojo,
was a sharp knife shaped like a dagger.

"Oh!" exclaimed Ojo, greatly astonished at the
sight of this stranger; and then he added: "Who
has saved me, sir?"

"Can't you see?" replied the other, with a
smile; "I'm the Shaggy Man."

"Yes; I can see that," said the boy, nodding.
"Was it you who rescued me from the leaf?"

"None other, you may be sure. But take care,
or I shall have to rescue you again."

Ojo gave a jump, for he saw several broad
leaves leaning toward him; but the Shaggy Man
began to whistle again, and at the sound the
leaves all straightened up on their stems and
kept still.

The man now took Ojo's arm and led him
up the road, past the last of the great plants,
and not till he was safely beyond their reach did
he cease his whistling.

"You see, the music charms 'em," said he.
"Singing or whistling--it doesn't matter which--
makes 'em behave, and nothing else will. I always
whistle as I go by 'em and so they always let me
alone. Today as I went by, whistling, I saw a leaf
curled and knew there must be something inside it.
I cut down the leaf with my knife and--out you
popped. Lucky I passed by, wasn't it?"

"You were very kind," said Ojo, "and I thank
you. Will you please rescue my companions, also?"

"What companions?" asked the Shaggy Man.

"The leaves grabbed them all," said the boy.
"There's a Patchwork Girl and--"

"A what?"

"A girl made of patchwork, you know. She's
alive and her name is Scraps. And there's a
Glass Cat--"

"Glass?" asked the Shaggy Man.

"All glass."

"And alive?"

"Yes," said Ojo; "she has pink brains. And
there's a Woozy--"

"What's a Woozy?" inquired the Shaggy Man.

"Why, I--I--can't describe it," answered the
boy, greatly perplexed. "But it's a queer animal
with three hairs on the tip of its tail that won't
come out and--"

"What won't come out?" asked the Shaggy Man;
"the tail?"

"The hairs won't come out. But you'll see the
Woozy, if you'll please rescue it, and then you'll
know just what it is."

"Of course," said the Shaggy Man, nodding his
shaggy head. And then he walked back among the
plants, still whistling, and found the three
leaves which were curled around Ojo's traveling
companions. The first leaf he cut down released
Scraps, and on seeing her the Shaggy Man threw
back his shaggy head, opened wide his mouth and
laughed so shaggily and yet so merrily that Scraps
liked him at once. Then he took off his hat and
made her a low bow, saying:

"My dear, you're a wonder. I must introduce
you to my friend the Scarecrow."

When he cut down the second leaf he rescued the
Glass Cat, and Bungle was so frightened that she
scampered away like a streak and soon had joined
Ojo, when she sat beside him panting and
trembling. The last plant of all the row had
captured the Woozy, and a big bunch in the center
of the curled leaf showed plainly where he was.
With his sharp knife the Shaggy Man sliced off the
stem of the leaf and as it fell and unfolded out
trotted the Woozy and escaped beyond the reach of
any more of the dangerous plants.




Chapter Eleven

A Good Friend


Soon the entire party was gathered on the road of
yellow bricks, quite beyond the reach of the
beautiful but treacherous plants. The Shaggy Man,
staring first at one and then at the other, seemed
greatly pleased and interested.

"I've seen queer things since I came to the Land
of Oz," said he, "but never anything queerer than
this band of adventurers. Let us sit down a while,
and have a talk and get acquainted."

"Haven't you always lived in the Land of Oz?"
asked the Munchkin boy.

"No; I used to live in the big, outside world.
But I came here once with Dorothy, and Ozma
let me stay."

"How do you like Oz?" asked Scraps. "Isn't
the country and the climate grand?"

"It's the finest country in all the world, even
if it is a fairyland. and I'm happy every minute I
live in it," said the Shaggy Man. "But tell me
something about yourselves."

So Ojo related the story of his visit to the
house of the Crooked Magician, and how he met
there the Class Cat, and how the Patchwork Girl
was brought to life and of the terrible accident
to Unc Nunkie and Margdotte. Then he told how he
had set out to find the five different things
which the Magician needed to make a charm that
would restore the marble figures to life, one
requirement being three hairs from a Woozy's tail.

"We found the Woozy," explained the boy,
"and he agreed to give us the three hairs; but
we couldn't pull them out. So we had to bring
the Woozy along with us."

"I see," returned the Shaggy Man, who had
listened with interest to the story. "But perhaps
I, who am big and strong, can pull those three
hairs from the Woozy's tail."

"Try it, if you like," said the Woozy.

So the Shaggy Man tried it, but pull as hard
as he could he failed to get the hairs out of the
Woozy's tail. So he sat down again and wiped
his shaggy face with a shaggy silk handkerchief
and said:

"It doesn't matter. If you can keep the Woozy
until you get the rest of the things you need,
you can take the beast and his three hairs to
the Crooked Magician and let him find a way
to extract 'em. What are the other things you are
to find?"

"One," said Ojo, "is a six-leaved clover."

"You ought to find that in the fields around
the Emerald City," said the Shaggy Man.
"There is a Law against picking six-leaved
clovers, but I think I can get Ozma to let you
have one."

"Thank you," replied Ojo. "The next thing
is the left wing of a yellow butterfly."

"For that you must go to the Winkle Country,"
the Shaggy Man declared. "I've never noticed any
butterflies there, but that is the yellow country
of Oz and it's ruled, by a good friend of mine,
the Tin Woodman."

"Oh, I've heard of him!" exclaimed Ojo. "He
must be a wonderful man."

"So he is, and his heart is wonderfully kind.
I'm sure the Tin Woodman will do all in his
power to help you to save your Unc Nunkie
and poor Margolotte."

"The next thing I must find," said the
Munchkin boy, "is a gill of water from a dark
well."

"Indeed! Well, that is more difficult," said
the Shaggy Man, scratching his left ear in a
puzzled way. "I've never heard of a dark well;
have you?"

"No," said Ojo.

"Do you know where one may be found?" inquired
the Shaggy Man.

"I can't imagine," said Ojo.

"Then we must ask the Scarecrow."

"The Scarecrow! But surely, sir, a scarecrow
can't know anything."

"Most scarecrows don't, I admit," answered
the Shaggy Man. "But this Scarecrow of whom
I speak is very intelligent. He claims to possess
the best brains in all Oz."

"Better than mine?" asked Scraps.

"Better than mine?" echoed the Glass Cat.
"Mine are pink, and you can see 'em work."

"Well, you can't see the Scarecrow's brains
work, but they do a lot of clever thinking,"
asserted the Shaggy Man. "If anyone knows where a
dark well is, it's my friend the Scarecrow."

"Where does he live?" inquired Ojo.

"He has a splendid castle in the Winkle
Country, near to the palace of his friend the
Tin Woodman, and he is often to be found in
the Emerald City, where he visits Dorothy at
the royal palace."

"Then we will ask him about the dark well,"
said Ojo.

"But what else does this Crooked Magician
want?" asked the Shaggy Man.

"A drop of oil from a live man's body."

"Oh; but there isn't such a thing."

"That is what I thought," replied Ojo; "but
the Crooked Magician said it wouldn't be called
for by the recipe if it couldn't be found, and
therefore I must search until I find it."

"I wish you good luck," said the Shaggy Man,
shaking his head doubtfully; "but I imagine
you'll have a hard job getting a drop of oil from
a live man's body. There's blood in a body, but
no oil."

"There's cotton in mine," said Scraps, dancing
a little jig.

"I don't doubt it," returned the Shaggy Man
admiringly. "You're a regular comforter and as
sweet as patchwork can be. All you lack is
dignity."

"I hate dignity," cried Scraps, kicking a pebble
high in the air and then trying to catch it as it
fell. "Half the fools and all the wise folks are
dignified, and I'm neither the one nor the other."

"She's just crazy," explained the Glass Cat.

The Shaggy Man laughed.

"She's delightful, in her way," he said. "I'm
sure Dorothy will be pleased with her, and the
Scarecrow will dote on her. Did you say you
were traveling toward the Emerald City?"

"Yes," replied Ojo. "I thought that the best
place to go, at first, because the six-leaved clover
may be found there."

"I'll go with you," said the Shaggy Man, "and
show you the way."

"Thank you," exclaimed Ojo. "I hope it won't
put you out any."

"No," said the other, "I wasn't going anywhere
in particular. I've been a rover all my life, and
although Ozma has given me a suite of beautiful
rooms in her palace I still get the wandering
fever once in a while and start out to roam the
country over. I've been away from the Emerald City
several weeks, this time, and now that I've met
you and your friends I'm sure it will interest me
to accompany you to the great city of Oz and
introduce you to my friends."

"That will be very nice," said the boy,
gratefully.

"I hope your friends are not dignified,"
observed Scraps.

"Some are, and some are not," he answered;
"but I never criticise my friends. If they are
really true friends; they may be anything they
like, for all of me."

"There's some sense in that," said Scraps,
nodding her queer head in approval. "Come on, and
let's get to the Emerald City as soon as
possible." With this she ran up the path, skipping
and dancing, and then turned to await them.

"It is quite a distance from here to the Emerald
City," remarked the Shaggy Man, "so we shall not
get there to-day, nor to-morrow. Therefore let us
take the jaunt in an easy manner. I'm an old
traveler and have found that I never gain anything
by being in a hurry. 'Take it easy' is my motto.
If you can't take it easy, take it as easy as you
can."

After walking some distance over the road of
yellow bricks Ojo said he was hungry and would
stop to eat some bread and cheese. He offered a
portion of the food to the Shaggy Man, who thanked
him but refused it.

"When I start out on my travels," said he,
"I carry along enough square meals to last me
several weeks. Think I'll indulge in one now,
as long as we're stopping anyway."

Saying this, he took a bottle from his pocket
and shook from it a tablet about the size of one
of Ojo's finger-nails.

"That," announced the Shaggy Man, "is a square
meal, in condensed form. Invention of the great
Professor Woggle-Bug, of the Royal College of
Athletics. It contains soup, fish, roast meat,
salad, apple-dumplings, ice cream and chocolate-
drops, all boiled down to this small size, so it
can be conveniently carried and swallowed when you
are hungry and need a square meal."

"I'm square," said the Woozy. "Give me one,
please."

So the Shaggy Man gave the Woozy a tablet from
his bottle and the beast ate it in a twinkling.

"You have now had a six course dinner,"
declared the Shaggy Man.

"Pshaw!" said the Woozy, ungratefully, "I
want to taste something. There's no fun in that
sort of eating."

"One should only eat to sustain life," replied
the Shaggy Man, "and that tablet is equal to a
peck of other food."

"I don't care for it. I want something I can
chew and taste," grumbled the Woozy.

"You are quite wrong, my poor beast," said
the Shaggy Man in a tone of pity. "Think how
tired your jaws would get chewing a square
meal like this, if it were not condensed to the
size of a small tablet--which you can swallow
in a jiffy."

"Chewing isn't tiresome; it's fun,  maintained
the Woozy. "I always chew the honey-bees when I
catch them. Give me some bread and cheese, Ojo."

"No, no! You've already eaten a big dinner!"
protested the Shaggy Man.

"May be," answered the Woozy; "but I guess
I'll fool myself by munching some bread and
cheese. I may not be hungry, having eaten all
those things you gave me, but I consider this
eating business a matter of taste, and I like to
realize what's going into me."

Ojo gave the beast what he wanted, but the
Shaggy Man shook his shaggy head reproachfully and
said there was no animal so obstinate or hard to
convince as a Woozy.

At this moment a patter of footsteps was heard,
and looking up they saw the live phonograph
standing before them. It seemed to have passed
through many adventures since Ojo and his comrades
last saw the machine, for the varnish of its
wooden case was all marred and dented and
scratched in a way that gave it an aged and
disreputable appearance.

"Dear me!" exclaimed  Ojo, staring hard.
"What has happened to you?"

"Nothing much," replied the phonograph in
a sad and depressed voice. "I've had enough
things thrown at me, since I left you, to stock
a department store and furnish half a dozen
bargain-counters."

"Are you so broken up that you can't play?"
asked Scraps.

"No; I still am able to grind out delicious
music. Just now I've a record on tap that is
really superb," said the phonograph, growing more
cheerful.

"That is too bad," remarked Ojo. "We've no
objection to you as a machine, you know; but
as a music-maker we hate you."

"Then why was I ever invented?" demanded
the machine, in a tone of indignant protest.

They looked at one another inquiringly, but
no one could answer such a puzzling question.
Finally the Shaggy Man said:

"I'd like to hear the phonograph play."

Ojo sighed. "We've been very happy since we
met you, sir," he said.

"I know. But a little misery, at times, makes
one appreciate happiness more. Tell me, Phony,
what is this record like, which you say you have
on tap?"

"It's a popular song, sir. In all civilized lands
the common people have gone wild over it."

"Makes civilized folks wild folks, eh? Then
it's dangerous."

"Wild with joy, I mean," explained the
phonograph. "Listen. This song will prove a
rare treat to you, I know. It made the author
rich--for an author. It is called 'My Lulu.'"

Then the phonograph began to play. A strain
of odd, jerky sounds was followed by these
words, sung by a man through his nose with
great vigor of expression:


"Ah wants mah Lulu, mah coal-black Lulu;
Ah wants mah loo-loo, loo-loo, loo-loo, Lu!
Ah loves mah Lulu, mah coal-black Lulu,
There ain't nobody else loves loo-loo, Lu!"


"Here-shut that off!" cried the Shaggy Man,
springing to his feet. "What do you mean by
such impertinence?"

"It's the latest popular song," declared the
phonograph, speaking in a sulky tone of voice.

"A popular song?"

"Yes. One that the feeble-minded can remember
the words of and those ignorant of music can
whistle or sing. That makes a popular song
popular, and the time is coming when it will take
the place of all other songs."

"That time won't come to us, just yet," said
the Shaggy Man, sternly: "I'm something of a
singer myself, and I don't intend to be throttled
by any Lulus like your coal-black one. I shall
take you all apart, Mr. Phony, and scatter your
pieces far and wide over the country, as a matter
of kindness to the people you might meet if
allowed to run around loose. Having performed
this painful duty I shall--"

But before he could say more the phonograph
turned and dashed up the road as fast as its four
table-legs could carry it, and soon it had entirely
disappeared from their view.

The Shaggy Man sat down again and seemed
well pleased. "Some one else will save me the
trouble of scattering that phonograph," said he;
"for it is not possible that such a music-maker
can last long in the Land of Oz. When you are
rested, friends, let us go on our way."

During the afternoon the travelers found
themselves in a lonely and uninhabited part of the
country. Even the fields were no longer cultivated
and the country began to resemble a wilderness.
The road of yellow bricks seemed to have been
neglected and became uneven and more difficult to
walk upon. Scrubby under-brush grew on either side
of the way. while huge rocks were scattered around
in abundance.

But this did not deter Ojo and his friends from
trudging on, and they beguiled the journey with
jokes and cheerful conversation. Toward evening
they reached a crystal spring which gushed from a
tall rock by the roadside and near this spring
stood a deserted cabin. Said the Shaggy Man,
halting here:

"We may as well pass the night here, where
there is shelter for our heads and good water to
drink. Road beyond here is pretty bad; worst
we shall have to travel; so let's wait until
morning before we tackle it."

They agreed to this and Ojo found some brushwood
in the cabin and made a fire on the hearth. The
fire delighted Scraps, who danced before it until
Ojo warned her she might set fire to herself and
burn up. After that the Patchwork Girl kept at a
respectful distance from the darting flames, but
the Woozy lay down before the fire like a big dog
and seemed to enjoy its warmth.

For supper the Shaggy Man ate one of his
tablets, but Ojo stuck to his bread and cheese as
the most satisfying food. He also gave a portion
to the Woozy.

When darkness came on and they sat in a circle
on the cabin floor, facing the firelight--there
being no furniture of any sort in the place--Ojo
said to the Shaggy Man:

"Won't you tell us a story?"

"I'm not good at stories," was the reply; "but
I sing like a bird."

"Raven, or crow?" asked the Glass Cat.

"Like a song bird. I'll prove it. I'll sing a song
I composed myself. Don't tell anyone I'm a poet;
they might want me to write a book. Don't tell
'em I can sing, or they'd want me to make
records for that awful phonograph. Haven't
time to be a public benefactor, so I'll just sing
you this little song for your own amusement."

They were glad enough to be entertained,
and listened with interest while the Shaggy Man
chanted the following verses to a tune that was
not unpleasant:


"I'll sing a song of Ozland, where wondrous creatures dwell
And fruits and flowers and shady bowers abound in every dell,
Where magic is a science and where no one shows surprise
If some amazing thing takes place before his very eyes.

Our Ruler's a bewitching girl whom fairies love to please;
She's always kept her magic sceptre to enforce decrees
To make her people happy, for her heart is kind and true
And to aid the needy and distressed is what she longs to do.

And then there's Princess Dorothy, as sweet as any rose,
A lass from Kansas, where they don't grow fairies, I Suppose;
And there's the brainy Scarecrow, with a body stuffed with straw,
Who utters words of wisdom rare that fill us all with awe.

I'll not forget Nick Chopper, the Woodman made of Tin,
Whose tender heart thinks killing time is quite a dreadful sin,
Nor old Professor Woggle-Bug, who's highly magnified
And looks so big to everyone that he is filled with pride.

Jack Pumpkinhead's a dear old chum who might be called a chump,
But won renown by riding round upon a magic Gump;
The Sawhorse is a splendid steed and though he's made of wood
He does as many thrilling stunts as any meat horse could.

And now I'll introduce a beast that ev'ryone adores--
The Cowardly Lion shakes with fear 'most ev'ry time he roars,
And yet he does the bravest things that any lion might,
Because he knows that cowardice is not considered right.

There's Tik-tok-he's a clockwork man and quite a funny sight--
He talks and walks mechanically, when he's wound up tight;
And we've a Hungry Tiger who would babies love to eat
But never does because we feed him other kinds of meat.

It's hard to name all of the freaks this noble Land's acquired;
'Twould make my song so very long that you would soon be tired;
But give attention while I mention one wise Yellow Hen
And Nine fine Tiny Piglets living in a golden pen.

Just search the whole world over--sail the seas from coast to coast--
No other nation in creation queerer folk can boast;
And now our rare museum will include a Cat of Glass,
A Woozy, and--last but not least--a crazy Patchwork Lass."



Ojo was so pleased with this song that he
applauded the singer by clapping his hands, and
Scraps followed suit by clapping her padded
fingers together. although they made no noise.
The cat pounded on the floor with her glass
paws--gently, so as not to break them--and the
Woozy. which had been asleep, woke up to ask
what the row was about.

"I seldom sing in public, for fear they might
want me to start an opera company," remarked
the Shaggy Man, who was pleased to know his
effort was appreciated. "Voice, just now is a
little out of training; rusty, perhaps."

"Tell me," said the Patchwork Girl earnestly,
"do all those queer people you mention really
live in the Land of Oz?"

"Every one of 'em. I even forgot one thing:
Dorothy's Pink Kitten."

"For goodness sake!" exclaimed Bungle, sitting
up and looking interested. "A Pink Kitten? How
absurd! Is it glass?"

"No; just ordinary kitten."

"Then it can't amount to much. I have pink
brains, and you can see 'em work."

"Dorothy's kitten is all pink--brains and all--
except blue eyes. Name's Eureka. Great favorite at
the royal palace," said the Shaggy Man, yawning.

The Glass Cat seemed annoyed.

"Do you think a pink kitten--common meat--is as
pretty as I am?" she asked.

"Can't say. Tastes differ, you know," replied
the Shaggy Man, yawning again. "But here's a
pointer that may be of service to you: make
friends with Eureka and you'll be solid at the
palace."

"I'm solid now; solid glass."

"You don't understand," rejoined the Shaggy
Man, sleepily. "Anyhow, make friends with the
Pink Kitten and you'll be all right. If the Pink
Kitten despises you, look out for breakers."

"Would anyone at the royal palace break a
Glass Cat?"

"Might. You never can tell. Advise you to purr
soft and look humble--if you can. And now I'm
going to bed."

Bungle considered the Shaggy Man's advice
so carefully that her pink brains were busy long
after the others of the party were fast asleep.




Chapter Twelve

The Giant Porcupine


Next morning they started out bright and early to
follow the road of yellow bricks toward the
Emerald City. The little Munchkin boy was
beginning to feel tired from the long walk, and he
had a great many things to think of and consider
besides the events of the journey. At the
wonderful Emerald City, which he would presently
reach, were so many strange and curious people
that he was half afraid of meeting them and
wondered if they would prove friendly and kind.
Above all else, he could not drive from his mind
the important errand on which he had come, and he
was determined to devote every energy to finding
the things that were necessary to prepare
the magic recipe. He believed that until dear
Unc Nunkie was restored to life he could feel
no joy in anything, and often he wished that
Unc could be with him, to see all the astonishing
things Ojo was seeing. But alas Unc Nunkie was now
a marble statue in the house of the Crooked
Magician and Ojo must not falter in his efforts to
save him.

The country through which they were passing was
still rocky and deserted, with here and there a
bush or a tree to break the dreary landscape. Ojo
noticed one tree, especially, because it had such
long, silky leaves and was so beautiful in shape.
As he approached it he studied the tree earnestly,
wondering if any fruit grew on it or if it bore
pretty flowers.

Suddenly he became aware that he had been
looking at that tree a long time--at least for
five minutes--and it had remained in the same
position, although the boy had continued to
walk steadily on. So he stopped short. and when
he stopped, the tree and all the landscape, as
well as his companions, moved on before him
and left him far behind.

Ojo uttered such a cry of astonishment that
it aroused the Shaggy Man, who also halted.
The others then stopped, too, and walked back
to the boy.

"What's wrong?" asked the Shaggy Man.

"Why, we're not moving forward a bit, no
matter how fast we walk," declared Ojo. "Now
that we have stopped, we are moving backward!
Can't you see? Just notice that rock."

Scraps looked down at her feet and said:
"The yellow bricks are not moving."

"But the whole road is," answered Ojo.

"True; quite true," agreed the Shaggy Man.
"I know all about the tricks of this road, but I
have been thinking of something else and didn't
realize where we were."

"It will carry us back to where we started
from," predicted Ojo, beginning to be nervous.

"No," replied the Shaggy Man; "it won't do
that, for I know a trick to beat this tricky road.
I've traveled this way before, you know. Turn
around, all of you, and walk backward."

"What good will that do?" asked the cat.

"You'll find out, if you obey me," said the
Shaggy Man.

So they all turned their backs to the direction
in which they wished to go and began walking
backward. In an instant Ojo noticed they were
gaining ground and as they proceeded in this
curious way they soon passed the tree which had
first attracted his attention to their difficulty.

"How long must we keep this up, Shags?"
asked Scraps, who was constantly tripping and
tumbling down, only to get up again with a
laugh at her mishap.

"Just a little way farther," replied the Shaggy
Man.

A few minutes later he called to them to turn
about quickly and step forward, and as they
obeyed the order they found themselves treading
solid ground.

"That task is well over," observed the Shaggy
Man. "It's a little tiresome to walk backward, but
that is the only way to pass this part of the
road, which has a trick of sliding back and
carrying with it anyone who is walking upon it."

With new courage and energy they now
trudged forward and after a time came to a
place where the road cut through a low hill,
leaving high banks on either side of it. They
were traveling along this cut, talking together,
when the Shaggy Man seized Scraps with one
arm and Ojo with another and shouted: "Stop!"

"What's wrong now?" asked the Patchwork Girl.

"See there!" answered the Shaggy Man, pointing
with his finger.

Directly in the center of the road lay a
motionless object that bristled all over with
sharp quills, which resembled arrows. The body was
as big as a ten-bushel basket, but the projecting
quills made it appear to be four times bigger.

"Well, what of it?" asked Scraps.

"That is Chiss, who causes a lot of trouble
along this road," was the reply.

"Chiss! What is Chiss?

"I think it is merely an overgrown porcupine,
but here in Oz they consider Chiss an evil spirit.
He's different from a reg'lar porcupine, because
he can throw his quills in any direction, which
an American porcupine cannot do. That's what
makes old Chiss so dangerous. If we get too
near, he'll fire those quills at us and hurt us
badly."

"Then we will be foolish to get too near,
said Scraps.

"I'm not afraid," declared the Woozy. "The Chiss
is cowardly, I'm sure, and if it ever heard my
awful, terrible, frightful growl, it would be
scared stiff."

"Oh; can you growl?" asked the Shaggy Man.

"That is the only ferocious thing about me,"
asserted the Woozy with evident pride. "My growl
makes an earthquake blush and the thunder ashamed
of itself. If I growled at that creature you call
Chiss, it would immediately think the world had
cracked in two and bumped against the sun and
moon, and that would cause the monster to run as
far and as fast as its legs could carry it."

"In that case," said the Shaggy Man, "you are
now able to do us all a great favor. Please
growl."

"But you forget," returned the Woozy; "my
tremendous growl would also frighten you, and
if you happen to have heart disease you might
expire."

"True; but we must take that risk," decided
the Shaggy Man, bravely. "Being warned of
what is to occur we must try to bear the terrific
noise of your growl; but Chiss won't expect it,
and it will scare him away."

The Woozy hesitated.

"I'm fond of you all, and I hate to shock you,"
it said.

"Never mind," said Ojo.

"You may be made deaf."

"If so, we will forgive you.

"Very well, then," said the Woozy in a
determined voice, and advanced a few steps toward
the giant porcupine. Pausing to look back, it
asked: "All ready?"

"All ready!" they answered.

"Then cover up your ears and brace yourselves
firmly. Now, then--look out!"

The Woozy turned toward Chiss, opened wide its
mouth and said:

"Quee-ee-ee-eek."

"Go ahead and growl," said Scraps.

"Why, I--I did growl!" retorted the Woozy,
who seemed much astonished.

"What, that little squeak?" she cried.

"It is the most awful growl that ever was heard,
on land or sea, in caverns or in the sky,"
protested the Woozy. "I wonder you stood the shock
so well. Didn't you feel the ground tremble? I
suppose Chiss is now quite dead with fright."

The Shaggy Man laughed merrily.

"Poor Wooz!" said he; "your growl wouldn't
scare a fly."

The Woozy seemed to be humiliated and surprised.
It hung its head a moment, as if in shame or
sorrow, but then it said with renewed confidence:
"Anyhow, my eyes can flash fire; and good fire,
too; good enough to set fire to a fence!"

"That is true," declared Scraps; "I saw it
done myself. But your ferocious growl isn't as
loud as the tick of a beetle--or one of Ojo's
snores when he's fast asleep."

"Perhaps," said the Woozy, humbly, "I have
been mistaken about my growl. It has always
sounded very fearful to me, but that may, have
been because it was so close to my ears."

"Never mind," Ojo said soothingly; "it is a
great talent to be able to flash fire from your
eyes. No one else can do that."

As they stood hesitating what to do Chiss
stirred and suddenly a shower of quills came
flying toward them, almost filling the air, they
were so many. Scraps realized in an instant that
they had gone too near to Chiss for safety, so
she sprang in front of Ojo and shielded him
from the darts, which stuck their points into her
own body until she resembled one of those
targets they shoot arrows at in archery games.
The Shaggy Man dropped flat on his face to
avoid the shower, but one quill struck him in
the leg and went far in. As for the Glass Cat,
the quills rattled off her body without making
even a scratch, and the skin of the Woozy was
so thick and tough that he was not hurt at all.

When the attack was over they all ran to the
Shaggy Man, who was moaning and groaning, and
Scraps promptly pulled the quill out of his leg.
Then up he jumped and ran over to Chiss, putting
his foot on the monster's neck and holding it a
prisoner. The body of the great porcupine was now
as smooth as leather, except for the holes where
the quills had been, for it had shot every single
quill in that one wicked shower.

"Let me go!" it shouted angrily. "How dare
you put your foot on Chiss?"

"I'm going to do worse than that, old boy,"
replied the Shaggy Man. "You have annoyed
travelers on this road long enough, and now
I shall put an end to you."

"You can't!" returned Chiss. "Nothing can
kill me, as you know perfectly well."

"Perhaps that is true," said the Shaggy Man
in a tone of disappointment. "Seems to me I've
been told before that you can't be killed. But if
I let you go, what will you do?"

"Pick up my quills again," said Chiss in a
sulky voice.

"And then shoot them at more travelers? No;
that won't do. You must promise me to stop
throwing quills at people."

"I won't promise anything of the sort," declared
Chiss.

"Why not?"

"Because it is my nature to throw quills, and
every animal must do what Nature intends it
to do. It isn't fair for you to blame me. If it were
wrong for me to throw quills, then I wouldn't
be made with quills to throw. The proper thing
for you to do is to keep out of my way.

"Why, there's some sense in that argument,
admitted the Shaggy Man, thoughtfully; "but
people who are strangers, and don't know you
are here, won't be able to keep out of your way."

"Tell you what," said Scraps, who was trying
to pull the quills out of her own body, "let's
gather up all the quills and take them away with
us; then old Chiss won't have any left to throw
at people."

"Ah, that's a clever idea. You and Ojo must
gather up the quills while I hold Chiss a
prisoner; for, if I let him go he will get some of
his quills and be able to throw them again."

So Scraps and Ojo picked up all the quills
and tied them in a bundle so they might easily
be carried. After this the Shaggy Man released
Chiss and let him go, knowing that he was
harmless to injure anyone.

"It's the meanest trick I ever heard of,"
muttered the porcupine gloomily. "How would you
like it, Shaggy Man, if I took all your shags away
from you?"

"If I threw my shags and hurt people, you would
be welcome to capture them," was the reply.

Then they walked on and left Chiss standing in
the road sullen and disconsolate. The Shaggy Man
limped as he walked, for his wound still hurt him,
and Scraps was much annoyed be cause the quills
had left a number of small holes in her patches.

When they came to a flat stone by the roadside
the Shaggy Man sat down to rest, and then Ojo
opened his basket and took out the bundle of
charms the Crooked Magician had given him.

"I am Ojo the Unlucky," he said, "or we would
never have met that dreadful porcupine. But I will
see if I can find anything among these charms
which will cure your leg."

Soon he discovered that one of the charms
was labelled: "For flesh wounds," and this the
boy separated from the others. It was only a bit
of dried root, taken from some unknown shrub,
but the boy rubbed it upon the wound made by
the quill and in a few moments the place was
healed entirely and the Shaggy Man's leg was
as good as ever.

"Rub it on the holes in my patches," suggested
Scraps, and Ojo tried it, but without any effect.

"The charm you need is a needle and thread,"
said the Shaggy Man. "But do not worry, my
dear; those holes do not look badly, at all."

"They'll let in the air, and I don't want people
to think I'm airy, or that I've been stuck
up," said the Patchwork Girl.

"You were certainly stuck up until we pulled
Out those quills," observed Ojo, with a laugh.

So now they went on again and coming presently
to a pond of muddy water they tied a heavy stone
to the bundle of quills and sunk it to the bottom
of the pond, to avoid carrying it farther.




Chapter Thirteen

Scraps and the Scarecrow


From here on the country improved and the desert
places began to give way to fertile spots; still
no houses were yet to be seen near the road. There
were some hills, with valleys between them, and on
reaching the top of one of these hills the
travelers found before them a high wall, running
to the right and the left as far as their eyes
could reach. Immediately in front of them, where
the wall crossed the roadway, stood a gate having
stout iron bars that extended from top to bottom.
They found, on coming nearer, that this gate was
locked with a great padlock, rusty through lack of
use.

"Well," said Scraps, "I guess we'll stop here."

"It's a good guess," replied Ojo. "Our way is
barred by this great wall and gate. It looks as if
no one had passed through in many years.

"Looks are deceiving," declared the Shaggy Man,
laughing at their disappointed faces, "and this
barrier is the most deceiving thing in all Oz."

"It prevents our going any farther, anyhow,"
said Scraps. "There is no one to mind the gate
and let people through, and we've no key to
the padlock."

"True," replied Ojo, going a little nearer to
peep through the bars of the gate. "What shall we
do, Shaggy Man? If we had wings we might fly over
the wall, but we cannot climb it and unless we get
to the Emerald City I won't be able to find the
things to restore Unc Nunkie to life."

"All very true," answered the Shaggy Man,
quietly; "but I know this gate, having passed
through it many times."

"How?" they all eagerly inquired.

"I'll show you how," said he. He stood Ojo
in the middle of the road and placed Scraps
just behind him, with her padded hands on his
shoulders. After the Patchwork Girl came the
Woozy, who held a part of her skirt in his
mouth. Then, last of all, was the Glass Cat,
holding fast to the Woozy's tail with her glass
jaws.

"Now," said the Shaggy Man, "you must all
shut your eyes tight, and keep them shut until
I tell you to open them."

"I can't," objected Scraps. "My eyes are but-
tons, and they won't shut."

So the Shaggy Man tied his red handkerchief over
the Patchwork Girl's eyes and examined all the
others to make sure they had their eyes fast shut
and could see nothing.

"What's the game,  anyhow--blind-man's-buff?"
asked Scraps.

"Keep quiet!" commanded the Shaggy Man,
sternly. "All ready? Then follow me."

He took Ojo's hand and led him forward over the
road of yellow bricks, toward the gate. Holding
fast to one another they all followed in a row,
expecting every minute to bump against the iron
bars. The Shaggy Man also had his eyes closed, but
marched straight ahead, nevertheless, and after
he had taken one hundred steps, by actual count,
he stopped and said:

"Now you may open your eyes."

They did so, and to their astonishment found
the wall and the gateway far behind them,
while in front the former Blue Country of the
Munchkins had given way to green fields, with
pretty farm-houses scattered among them.

"That wall," explained the Shaggy Man, "is
what is called an optical illusion. It is quite real
while you have your eyes open, but if you are
not looking at it the barrier doesn't exist at all.
It's the same way with many other evils in life;
they seem to exist, and yet it's all seeming and
not true. You will notice that the wall--or what
we thought was a wall--separates the Munchkin
Country from the green country that surrounds
the Emerald City, which lies exactly in the
center of Oz. There are two roads of yellow
bricks through the Munchkin Country, but the
one we followed is the best of the two. Dorothy
once traveled the other way, and met with more
dangers than we did. But all our troubles are
over for the present, as another day's journey
will bring us to the great Emerald City."

They were delighted to know this, and proceeded
with new courage. In a couple of hours they
stopped at a farmhouse, where the people were very
hospitable and invited them to dinner. The farm
folk regarded Scraps with much curiosity but no
great astonishment, for they were accustomed to
seeing extraordinary people in the Land of Oz.

The woman of this house got her needle and
thread and sewed up the holes made by the
porcupine quills in the Patchwork Girl's body,
after which Scraps was assured she looked as
beautiful as ever.

"You ought to have a hat to wear," remarked
the woman, "for that would keep the sun from
fading the colors of your face. I have some
patches and scraps put away, and if you will
wait two or three days I'll make you a lovely
hat that will match the rest of you."

"Never mind the hat," said Scraps, shaking
her yarn braids; "it's a kind offer, but we can't
stop. I can't see that my colors have faded a
particle, as yet; can you?"

"Not much," replied the woman. "You are still
very gorgeous, in spite of your long journey."

The children of the house wanted to keep the
Class Cat to play with, so Bungle was offered
a good home if she would remain; but the cat
was too much interested in Ojo's adventures and
refused to stop.

"Children are rough playmates," she remarked to
the Shaggy Man, "and although this home is more
pleasant than that of the Crooked Magician I fear
I would soon be smashed to pieces by the boys and
girls."

After they had rested themselves they renewed
their journey, finding the road now smooth and
pleasant to walk upon and the country growing more
beautiful the nearer they drew to the Emerald
City.

By and by Ojo began to walk on the green
grass, looking carefully around him.

"What are you trying to find?" asked Scraps.

"A six-leaved clover," said he.

"Don't do that!" exclaimed the Shaggy Man,
earnestly. "It's against the Law to pick a six-
leaved clover. You must wait until you get Ozma's
consent."

"She wouldn't know it," declared the boy.

"Ozma knows many things," said the Shaggy Man.
"In her room is a Magic Picture that shows any
scene in the Land of Oz where strangers or
travelers happen to be. She may be watching the
picture of us even now, and noticing everything
that we do."

"Does she always watch the Magic Picture?"
asked Ojo.

"Not always, for she has many other things
to do; but, as I said, she may be watching us
this very minute."

"I don't care," said Ojo, in an obstinate tone
of voice; "Ozma's only a girl."

The Shaggy Man looked at him in surprise.

"You ought to care for Ozma," said he, "if you
expect to save your uncle. For, if you displease
our powerful Ruler, your journey will surely prove
a failure; whereas, if you make a friend of Ozma,
she will gladly assist you. As for her being a
girl, that is another reason why you should obey
her laws, if you are courteous and polite.
Everyone in Oz loves Ozma and hates her enemies,
for she is as just as she is powerful."

Ojo sulked a while, but finally returned to the
road and kept away from the green clover. The
boy was moody and bad tempered for an hour
or two afterward, because he could really see
no harm in picking a six-leaved clover, if he
found one, and in spite of what the Shaggy
Man had said he considered Ozma's law to be
unjust.

They presently came to a beautiful grove of tall
and stately trees, through which the road wound in
sharp curves--first one way and then another. As
they were walking through this grove they heard
some one in the distance singing, and the sounds
grew nearer and nearer until they could
distinguish the words, although the bend in the
road still hid the singer. The song was something
like this:


"Here's to the hale old bale of straw
That's cut from the waving grain,
The sweetest sight man ever saw
In forest, dell or plain.
It fills me with a crunkling joy
A straw-stack to behold,
For then I pad this lucky boy
With strands of yellow gold."


"Ah!" exclaimed the Shaggy Man; "here comes my
friend the Scarecrow.

"What, a live Scarecrow?" asked Ojo.

"Yes; the one I told you of. He's a splendid
fellow, and very intelligent. You'll like him,
I'm sure.

Just then the famous Scarecrow of Oz came
around the bend in the road, riding astride a
wooden Sawhorse which was so small that its
rider's legs nearly touched the ground.

The Scarecrow wore the blue dress of the
Munchkins, in which country he was made,
and on his head was set a peaked hat with a flat
brim trimmed with tinkling bells. A rope was
tied around his waist to hold him in shape. for
he was stuffed with straw in every part of him
except the top of his head, where at one time
the Wizard of Oz had placed sawdust, mixed
with needles and pins, to sharpen his wits. The
head itself was merely a bag of cloth, fastened
to the body at the neck, and on the front of this
bag was painted the face--ears, eyes, nose and
mouth.

The Scarecrow's face was very interesting, for
it bore a comical and yet winning expression,
although one eye was a bit larger than the other
and ears were not mates. The Munchkin farmer who
had made the Scarecrow had neglected to sew him
together with close stitches and therefore some of
the straw with which he was stuffed was inclined
to stick out between the seams. His hands
consisted of padded white gloves, with the fingers
long and rather limp, and on his feet he wore
Munchkin boots of blue leather with broad turns at
the tops of them.

The Sawhorse was almost as curious as its rider.
It had been rudely made, in the beginning, to saw
logs upon, so that its body was a short length of
a log, and its legs were stout branches fitted
into four holes made in the body. The tail was
formed by a small branch that had been left on the
log, while the head was a gnarled bump on one end
of the body. Two knots of wood formed the eyes,
and the mouth was a gash chopped in the log. When
the Sawhorse first came to life it had no ears at
all, and so could not hear; but the boy who then
owned him had whittled two ears out of bark and
stuck them in the head, after which the Sawhorse
heard very distinctly.

This queer wooden horse was a great favorite
with Princess Ozma, who had caused the bottoms of
its legs to be shod with plates of gold, so the
wood would not wear away. Its saddle was made of
cloth-of-gold richly encrusted with precious gems.
It had never worn a bridle.

As the Scarecrow came in sight of the party of
travelers, he reined in his wooden steed and
dismounted, greeting the Shaggy Man with a smiling
nod. Then he turned to stare at the Patchwork Girl
in wonder, while she in turn stared at him.

"Shags," he whispered, drawing the Shaggy Man
aside, "pat me into shape, there's a good fellow!"

While his friend punched and patted the
Scarecrow's body, to smooth out the humps, Scraps
turned to Ojo and whispered: "Roll me out, please;
I've sagged down dreadfully from walking so much
and men like to see a stately figure."

She then fell upon the ground and the boy rolled
her back and forth like a rolling-pin, until the
cotton had filled all the spaces in her patchwork
covering and the body had lengthened to its
fullest extent. Scraps and the Scarecrow both
finished their hasty toilets at the same time, and
again they faced each other.

"Allow me, Miss Patchwork," said the Shaggy Man,
"to present my friend, the Right Royal Scarecrow
of Oz. Scarecrow, this is Miss Scraps Patches;
Scraps, this is the Scarecrow. Scarecrow--Scraps;
Scraps--Scarecrow."

They both bowed with much dignity.

"Forgive me for staring so rudely," said the
Scarecrow, "but you are the most beautiful sight
my eyes have ever beheld."

"That is a high compliment from one who is
himself so beautiful," murmured Scraps, casting
down her suspender-button eyes by lowering her
head. "But, tell me, good sir, are you not a
trifle lumpy?"

"Yes, of course; that's my straw, you know.
It bunches up, sometimes, in spite of all my
efforts to keep it even. Doesn't your straw ever
bunch?"

"Oh, I'm stuffed with cotton," said Scraps.
"It never bunches, but it's inclined to pack down
and make me sag."

"But cotton is a high-grade stuffing. I may say
it is even more stylish, not to say aristocratic,
than straw," said the Scarecrow politely. "Still,
it is but proper that one so entrancingly lovely
should have the best stuffing there is going. I--
er--I'm so glad I've met you, Miss Scraps!
Introduce us again, Shaggy."

"Once is enough," replied the Shaggy Man,
laughing at his friend's enthusiasm.

"Then tell me where you found her, and--Dear me,
what a queer cat! What are you made of--gelatine?"

"Pure glass," answered the cat, proud to have
attracted the Scarecrow's attention. "I am much
more beautiful than the Patchwork Girl. I'm
transparent, and Scraps isn't; I've pink brains--
you can see 'em work; and I've a ruby heart,
finely polished, while Scraps hasn't any heart at
all."

"No more have I," said the Scarecrow, shaking
hands with Scraps, as if to congratulate her on
the fact. "I've a friend, the Tin Woodman, who has
a heart, but I find I get along pretty well
without one. And so--Well, well! here's a little
Munchkin boy, too. Shake hands, my little man. How
are you?"

Ojo placed his hand in the flabby stuffed glove
that served the Scarecrow for a hand, and the
Scarecrow pressed it so cordially that the straw
in his glove crackled.

Meantime, the Woozy had approached the Sawhorse
and begun to sniff at it. The Sawhorse resented
this familiarity and with a sudden kick pounded
the Woozy squarely on its Lead with one gold-shod
foot.

"Take that, you monster!" it cried angrily.

The Woozy never even winked.

"To be sure," he said; "I'll take anything I
have to. But don't make me angry, you wooden
beast, or my eyes will flash fire and burn you
up."

The Sawhorse rolled its knot eyes wickedly
and kicked again, but the Woozy trotted away
and said to the Scarecrow:

"What a sweet disposition that creature has!
I advise you to chop it up for kindling-wood
and use me to ride upon. My back is flat and
you can't fall off."

"I think the trouble is that you haven't been
properly introduced," said the Scarecrow,
regarding the Woozy with much wonder, for he had
never seen such a queer animal before.

"The Sawhorse is the favorite steed of Princess
Ozma, the Ruler of the Land of Oz, and he lives in
a stable decorated with pearls and emeralds, at
the rear of the royal palace. He is swift as the
wind, untiring, and is kind to his friends. All
the people of Oz respect the Sawhorse highly, and
when I visit Ozma she sometimes allows me to ride
him--as I am doing to-day. Now you know what an
important personage the Sawhorse is, and if some
one--perhaps your-self--will tell me your name,
your rank and station, and your history, it will
give me pleasure to relate them to the Sawhorse.
This will lead to mutual respect and friendship."

The Woozy was somewhat abashed by this speech
and did not know how to reply. But Ojo said:

"This square beast is called the Woozy, and he
isn't of much importance except that he has three
hairs growing on the tip of his tail."

The Scarecrow looked and saw that this was true.

"But," said he, in a puzzled way, "what makes
those three hairs important? The Shaggy Man has
thousands of hairs, but no one has ever accused
him of being important."

So Ojo related the sad story of Unc Nunkie's
transformation into a marble statue, and told how
he had set out to find the things the Crooked
Magician wanted, in order to make a charm that
would restore his uncle to life. One of the
requirements was three hairs from a Woozy's tail,
but not being able to pull out the hairs they had
been obliged to take the Woozy with them.

The Scarecrow looked grave as he listened and he
shook his head several times, as if in
disapproval.

"We must see Ozma about this matter," he
said. "That Crooked Magician is breaking the
Law by practicing magic without a license, and
I'm not sure Ozma will allow him to restore your
uncle to life."

"Already I have warned the boy of that,"
declared the Shaggy Man.

At this Ojo began to cry. "I want my Unc
Nunkie!" he exclaimed. "I know how he can be
restored to life, and I'm going to do it--Ozma or
no Ozma! What right has this girl Ruler to keep my
Unc Nunkie a statue forever?"

"Don't worry about that just now," advised
the Scarecrow. "Go on to the Emerald City,
and when you reach it have the Shaggy Man
take you to see Dorothy. Tell her your story and
I'm sure she will help you. Dorothy is Ozma's
best friend, and if you can win her to your side
your uncle is pretty safe to live again." Then he
turned to the Woozy and said: "I'm afraid you
are not important enough to be introduced to
the Sawhorse, after all."

"I'm a better beast than he is," retorted the
Woozy, indignantly. "My eyes can flash fire, and
his can't."

"Is this true?" inquired the Scarecrow, turning
to the Munchkin boy.

"Yes," said Ojo, and told how the Woozy had
set fire to the fence.

"Have you any other accomplishments?"
asked the Scarecrow.

"I have a most terrible growl--that is,
sometimes," said the Woozy, as Scraps laughed
merrily and the Shaggy Man smiled. But the Patch-
work Girl's laugh made the Scarecrow forget all
about the Woozy. He said to her:

"What an admirable young lady you are, and
what jolly good company! We must be better
acquainted, for never before have I met a girl
with such exquisite coloring or such natural,
artless manners."

"No wonder they call you the Wise Scarecrow,"
replied Scraps.

"When you arrive at the Emerald City I will see
you again," continued the Scarecrow. "Just now I
am going to call upon an old friend--an ordinary
young lady named Jinjur--who has Promised to
repaint my left ear for me. You may have noticed
that the paint on my left ear has peeled off and
faded, which affects my hearing on that side.
Jinjur always fixes me up when I get weather-
worn."

"When do you expect to return to the Emerald
City?" asked the Shaggy Man.

"I'll be there this evening, for I'm anxious
to have a long talk with Miss Scraps. How is it,
Sawhorse; are you equal to a swift run?"

"Anything that suits you suits me," returned
the wooden horse.

So the Scarecrow mounted to the jeweled
saddle and waved his hat, when the Sawhorse
darted away so swiftly that they were out of
sight in an instant.




Chapter Fourteen

Ojo Breaks the Law


"What a queer man," remarked the Munchkin boy,
when the party had resumed its journey.

"And so nice and polite," added Scraps, bobbing
her Lead. "I think he is the handsomest man I've
seen since I came to life."

"Handsome is as handsome does," quoted the
Shaggy Man; "but we must admit that no living
scarecrow is handsomer. The chief merit of my
friend is that he is a great thinker, and in Oz it
is considered good policy to follow his advice."

"I didn't notice any brains in his head,"
observed the Glass Cat.

"You can't see 'em work, but they're there, all
right," declared the Shaggy Man. "I hadn't much
confidence in his brains myself, when first I came
to Oz, for a humbug Wizard gave them to him; but I
was soon convinced that the Scarecrow is really
wise; and, unless his brains make him so, such
wisdom is unaccountable."

"Is the Wizard of Oz a humbug?" asked Ojo.

"Not now. He was once, but he has reformed
and now assists Glinda the Good, who is the
Royal Sorceress of Oz and the only one licensed
to practice magic or sorcery. Glinda has taught
our old Wizard a good many clever things, so
he is no longer a humbug."

They walked a little while in silence and
then Ojo said:

"If Ozma forbids the Crooked Magician to
restore Unc Nunkie to life, what shall I do?"

The Shaggy Man shook his head.

"In that case you can't do anything," he said.
"But don't be discouraged yet. We will go to
Princess Dorothy and tell her your troubles, and
then we will let her talk to Ozma. Dorothy has the
kindest little heart in the world, and she has
been through so many troubles herself that she is
sure to sympathize with you."

"Is Dorothy the little girl who came here from
Kansas?" asked the boy.

"Yes. In Kansas she was Dorothy Gale. I used to
know her there, and she brought me to the Land of
Oz. But now Ozma has made her a Princess, and
Dorothy's Aunt Em and Uncle Henry are here, too."
Here the Shaggy Man uttered a long sigh, and then
he continued: "It's a queer country, this Land of
Oz; but I like it, nevertheless."

"What is queer about it?" asked Scraps.

"You, for instance," said he.

"Did you see no girls as beautiful as I am in
your own country?" she inquired.

"None with the same gorgeous, variegated
beauty," he confessed. "In America a girl stuffed
with cotton wouldn't be alive, nor would anyone
think of making a girl out of a patchwork quilt."

"What a queer country America must be!" she
exclaimed in great surprise. "The Scarecrow, whom
you say is wise, told me I am the most beautiful
creature he has ever seen."

"I know; and perhaps you are-from a scarecrow
point of view," replied the Shaggy Man; but why he
smiled as he said it Scraps could not imagine.

As they drew nearer to the Emerald City the
travelers were filled with admiration for the
splendid scenery they beheld. Handsome houses
stood on both sides of the road and each had a
green lawn before it as well as a pretty flower
garden.

"In another hour," said the Shaggy Man, "we
shall come in sight of the walls of the Royal
City."

He was walking ahead, with Scraps, and behind
them came the Woozy and the Glass Cat. Ojo had
lagged behind, for in spite of the warnings he
had received the boy's eyes were fastened on the
clover that bordered the road of yellow bricks and
he was eager to discover if such a thing as a
six-leaved clover really existed.

Suddenly he stopped short and bent over to
examine the ground more closely. Yes; here at last
was a clover with six spreading leaves. He counted
them carefully, to make sure. In an instant his
heart leaped with joy, for this was one of the
important things he had come for--one of the
things that would restore dear Unc Nunkie to life.

He glanced ahead and saw that none of his
companions was looking back. Neither were any
other people about, for it was midway between
two houses. The temptation was too strong to
be resisted.

"I might search for weeks and weeks, and
never find another six-leaved clover," he told
himself, and quickly plucking the stem from the
plant he placed the prized clover in his basket,
covering it with the other things he carried
there. Then, trying to look as if nothing had
happened, he hurried forward and overtook his
comrades.

The Emerald City, which is the most splendid as
well as the most beautiful city in any fairyland,
is surrounded by a high, thick wall of green
marble, polished smooth and set with glistening
emeralds. There are four gates, one facing the
Munchkin Country, one facing the Country of the
Winkies, one facing the Country of the Quadlings
and one facing the Country of the Gillikins. The
Emerald City lies directly in the center of these
four important countries of Oz. The gates had bars
of pure gold, and on either side of each gateway
were built high towers, from which floated gay
banners. Other towers were set at distances along
the walls, which were broad enough for four people
to walk abreast upon.

This enclosure, all green and gold and
glittering with precious gems, was indeed a
wonderful sight to greet our travelers, who first
observed it from the top of a little hill; but
beyond the wall was the vast city it surrounded,
and hundreds of jeweled spires, domes and
minarets, flaunting flags and banners, reared
their crests far above the towers of the gateways.
In the center of the city our friends could see
the tops of many magnificent trees, some nearly as
tall as the spires of the buildings, and the
Shaggy Man told them that these trees were in the
royal gardens of Princess Ozma.

They stood a long time on the hilltop, feasting
their eyes on the splendor of the Emerald City.

"Whee!" exclaimed Scraps, clasping her padded
hands in ecstacy, "that'll do for me to live in,
all right. No more of the Munchkin Country for
these patches--and no more of the Crooked
Magician!"

"Why, you belong to Dr. Pipt," replied Ojo,
looking at her in amazement. "You were made for a
servant, Scraps, so you are personal property and
not your own mistress."

"Bother Dr. Pipt! If he wants me, let him
come here and get me. I'll not go back to his
den of my own accord; that's certain. Only one
place in the Land of Oz is fit to live in, and
that's the Emerald City. It's lovely! It's almost
as beautiful as I am, Ojo."

"In this country," remarked the Shaggy Man,
"people live wherever our Ruler tells them to. It
wouldn't do to have everyone live in the Emerald
City, you know, for some must plow the land and
raise grains and fruits and vegetables, while
others chop wood in the forests, or fish in the
rivers, or herd the sheep and the cattle."

"Poor things!" said Scraps.

"I'm not sure they are not happier than the city
people," replied the Shaggy Man. "There's a
freedom and independence in country life that not
even the Emerald City can give one. I know that
lots of the city people would like to get back to
the land. The Scarecrow lives in the country, and
so do the Tin Woodman and Jack Pumpkinhead; yet
all three would be welcome to live in Ozma's
palace if they cared to. Too much splendor becomes
tiresome, you know. But, if we're to reach the
Emerald City before sundown, we must hurry, for it
is yet a long way off."

The entrancing sight of the city had put new
energy into them all and they hurried forward
with lighter steps than before. There was much
to interest them along the roadway, for the
houses were now set more closely together and
they met a good many people who were coming
or going from one place or another. All these
seemed  happy-faced,  pleasant  people,  who
nodded graciously to the strangers as they
Passed, and exchanged words of greeting.

At last they reached the great gateway, just
as the sun was setting and adding its red glow
to the glitter of the emeralds on the green walls
and spires. Somewhere inside the city a band
could be heard playing sweet music; a soft,
subdued hum, as of many voices, reached their
ears; from the neighboring yards came the low
mooing of cows waiting to be milked.

They were almost at the gate when the golden
bars slid back and a tall soldier stepped out and
faced them. Ojo thought he had never seen so
tall a man before. The soldier wore a handsome
green and gold uniform, with a tall hat in which
was a waving plume, and he had a belt thickly
encrusted with jewels. But the most peculiar
thing about him was his long green beard,
which fell far below his waist and perhaps
made him seem taller than he really was.

"Halt!" said the Soldier with the Green
Whiskers, not in a stern voice but rather in a
friendly tone.

They halted before he spoke and stood looking at
him.

"Good evening, Colonel," said the Shaggy
Man. "What's the news since I left? Anything
important?"

"Billina has hatched out thirteen new chickens,"
replied the Soldier with the Green Whiskers, "and
they're the cutest little fluffy yellow balls you
ever saw. The Yellow Hen is mighty proud of those
children, I can tell you."

"She has a right to be," agreed the Shaggy
Man. "Let me see; that's about seven thousand
chicks she has hatched out; isn't it, General?"

"That, at least," was the reply. "You will have
to visit Billina and congratulate her."

"It will give me pleasure to do that," said the
Shaggy Man. "But you will observe that I have
brought some strangers home with me. I am
going to take them to see Dorothy."

"One moment, please," said the soldier, barring
their way as they started to enter the gate. "I am
on duty, and I have orders to execute. Is anyone
in your party named Ojo the Unlucky?"

"Why, that's me!" cried Ojo, astonished at
hearing his name on the lips of a stranger.

The Soldier with the Green Whiskers nodded. "I
thought so," said he, "and I am sorry to announce
that it is my painful duty to arrest you."

"Arrest me!" exclaimed the boy. "What for?"

"I haven't looked to see," answered the soldier.
Then he drew a paper from his breast pocket and
glanced at it. "Oh, yes; you are to be arrested
for willfully breaking one of the Laws of Oz."

"Breaking a law!" said Scraps. "Nonsense,
Soldier; you're joking."

"Not this time," returned the soldier, with a
sigh. "My dear child what are you, a rummage sale
or a guess-me quick?--in me you be hold the Body
Guard of our gracious Ruler, Princess Ozma, as
well as the Royal Army of Oz and the Police Force
of the Emerald City."

"And only one man!" exclaimed the Patchwork Girl.

"Only one, and plenty enough. In my official
positions I've had nothing to do for a good many
years--so long that I began to fear I was
absolutely useless--until today. An hour ago I was
called to the presence of her Highness, Ozma of
Oz, and told to arrest a boy named Ojo the
Unlucky, who was journeying from the Munchkin
Country to the Emerald City and would arrive in a
short time. This command so astonished me that I
nearly fainted, for it is the first time anyone
has merited arrest since I can remember. You are
rightly named Ojo the Unlucky. my poor boy, since
you have broken a Law of Oz.

"But you are wrong," said Scraps. "Ozma is
wrong--you are all wrong--for Ojo has broken no
Law."

"Then he will soon be free again," replied the
Soldier with the Green Whiskers. "Anyone accused
of crime is given a fair trial by our Ruler and
has every chance to prove his innocence. But just
now Ozma's orders must be obeyed."

With this he took from his pocket a pair of
handcuffs made of gold and set with rubies and
diamonds, and these he snapped over Ojo's wrists.




Chapter Fifteen

Ozma's Prisoner


The boy was so bewildered by this calamity that he
made no resistance at all. He knew very well he
was guilty, but it surprised him that Ozma also
knew it. He wondered how she had found out so soon
that he had picked the six-leaved clover. He
handed his basket to Scraps and said:

"Keep that, until I get out of prison. If I
never get out, take it to the Crooked Magician, to
whom it belongs."

The Shaggy Man had been gazing earnestly in the
boy's face, uncertain whether to defend him or
not; but something he read in Ojo's expression
made him draw back and refuse to interfere to save
him. The Shaggy Man was greatly surprised and
grieved, but he knew that Ozma never made mistakes
and so Ojo must really have broken the Law of Oz.

The Soldier with the Green Whiskers now led them
all through the gate and into a little room built
in the wall. Here sat a jolly little man, richly
dressed in green and having around his neck a
heavy gold chain to which a number of great golden
keys were attached. This was the Guardian of the
Gate and at the moment they entered his room he
was playing a tune upon a mouth-organ.

"Listen!" he said, holding up his hand for
silence. "I've just composed a tune called 'The
Speckled Alligator.' It's in patch-time, which is
much superior to rag-time, and I've composed it in
honor of the Patchwork Girl, who has just
arrived."

"How did you know I had arrived?" asked Scraps,
much interested.

"It's my business to know who's coming, for I'm
the Guardian of the Gate. Keep quiet while I play
you 'The Speckled Alligator.'"

It wasn't a very bad tune, nor a very good one,
but all listened respectfully while he shut his
eyes and swayed his head from side to side and
blew the notes from the little instrument. When it
was all over the Soldier with the Green Whiskers
said:

"Guardian, I have here a prisoner."

"Good gracious! A prisoner?" cried the little
man, jumping up from his chair. "Which one? Not
the Shaggy Man?"

"No; this boy."

"Ah; I hope his fault is as small as himself,"
said the Guardian of the Gate. "But what can he
have done, and what made him do it?"

"Can't say," replied the soldier. "All I know
is that he has broken the Law."

"But no one ever does that!"

"Then he must be innocent, and soon will be
released. I hope you are right, Guardian. Just now
I am ordered to take him to prison. Get me a
prisoner's robe from your Official Wardrobe."

The Guardian unlocked a closet and took
from it a white robe, which the soldier threw
over Ojo. It covered him from head to foot, but
had two holes just in front of his eyes, so he
could see where to go. In this attire the boy
presented a very quaint appearance.

As the Guardian unlocked a gate leading
from his room into the streets of the Emerald
City, the Shaggy Man said to Scraps:

"I think I shall take you directly to Dorothy,
as the Scarecrow advised, and the Glass Cat
and the Woozy may come with us. Ojo must
go to prison with the Soldier with the Green
Whiskers, but he will he well treated and you
need not worry about him."

"What will they do with him?" asked Scraps.

"That I cannot tell. Since I came to the Land of
Oz no one has ever been arrested or imprisoned--
until Ojo broke the Law."

"Seems to me that girl Ruler of yours is making
a big fuss over nothing," remarked Scraps, tossing
her yarn hair out of her eyes with a jerk of her
patched head. "I don't know what Ojo has done, but
it couldn't be anything very, bad, for you and I
were with him all the time."

The Shaggy Man made no reply to this speech and
presently the Patchwork Girl forgot all about Ojo
in her admiration of the wonderful city she had
entered.

They soon separated from the Munchkin boy, who
was led by the Soldier with the Green Whiskers
down a side street toward the prison. Ojo felt
very miserable and greatly ashamed of himself, but
he was beginning to grow angry because he was
treated in such a disgraceful manner. Instead of
entering the splendid Emerald City as a
respectable traveler who was entitled to a
welcome and to hospitality, he was being brought
in as a criminal, handcuffed and in a robe that
told all he met of his deep disgrace.

Ojo was by nature gentle and affectionate and if
he had disobeyed the Law of Oz it was to restore
his dear Unc Nunkie to life. His fault was more
thoughtless than wicked, but that did not alter
the fact that he had committed a fault. At first
he had felt sorrow and remorse, but the more he
thought about the unjust treatment he had
received--unjust merely because he considered it
so--the more he resented his arrest, blaming Ozma
for making foolish laws and then punishing folks
who broke them. Only a six-leaved clover! A tiny
green plant growing neglected and trampled under
foot. What harm could there be in picking it? Ojo
began to think Ozma must be a very bad and
oppressive Ruler for such a lovely fairyland as
Oz. The Shaggy Man said the people loved her; but
how could they?

The little Munchkin boy was so busy thinking
these things--which many guilty prisoners have
thought before him--that he scarcely noticed all
the splendor of the city streets through which
they passed. Whenever they met any of the happy,
smiling people, the boy turned his head away in
shame, although none knew who was beneath the
robe.

By and by they reached a house built just beside
the great city wall, but in a quiet, retired
place. It was a pretty house, neatly painted and
with many windows. Before it was a garden filled
with blooming flowers. The Soldier with the Green
Whiskers led Ojo up the gravel path to the front
door, on which he knocked.

A woman opened the door and, seeing Ojo
in his white robe, exclaimed:

"Goodness me! A prisoner at last. But what a
small one, Soldier."

"The size doesn't matter, Tollydiggle, my
dear. The fact remains that he is a prisoner,"
said the soldier. "And, this being the prison,
and you the jailer, it is my duty to place the
prisoner in your charge."

"True. Come in, then, and I'll give you a
receipt for him."

They entered the house and passed through a hall
to a large circular room, where the woman pulled
the robe off from Ojo and looked at him with
kindly interest. The boy, on his part, was gazing
around him in amazement, for never had he dreamed
of such a magnificent apartment as this in which
he stood. The roof of the dome was of colored
glass, worked into beautiful designs. The walls
were paneled with plates of

gold decorated with gems of great size and many
colors, and upon the tiled floor were soft rags
delightful to walk upon. The furniture was framed
in gold and upholstered in satin brocade and it
consisted of easy chairs, divans and stools in
great variety. Also there were several tables with
mirror tops and cabinets filled with rare and
curious things. In one place a case filled with
books stood against the wall, and elsewhere Ojo
saw a cupboard containing all sorts of games.

"May I stay here a little while before I go to
prison?" asked the boy, pleadingly.

"Why, this is your prison," replied Tollydiggle,
"and in me behold your jailor. Take off those
handcuffs, Soldier, for it is impossible for
anyone to escape from this house."

"I know that very well," replied the soldier and
at once unlocked the handcuffs and released the
prisoner.

The woman touched a button on the wall and
lighted a big chandelier that hung suspended from
the ceiling, for it was growing dark outside. Then
she seated herself at a desk and asked:

"What name?"

"Ojo the Unlucky," answered the Soldier
with the Green Whiskers.

"Unlucky? Ah, that accounts for it," said she.
"What crime?"

"Breaking a Law of Oz."

"All right. There's your receipt, Soldier; and
now I'm responsible for the prisoner. I'm glad
of it, for this is the first time I've ever had
anything to do, in my official capacity," remarked
the jailer, in a pleased tone.

"It's the same with me, Tollydiggle," laughed
the soldier. "But my task is finished and I must
go and report to Ozma that I've done my duty
like a faithful Police Force, a loyal Army and
an honest Body-Guard--as I hope I am."

Saying this, be nodded farewell to Tollydiggle
and Ojo and went away.

"Now, then," said the woman briskly, "I must get
you some supper, for you are doubtless hungry.
What would you prefer: planked whitefish, omelet
with jelly or mutton-chops with gravy?"

Ojo thought about it. Then he said: "I'll take
the chops, if you please."

"Very well; amuse yourself while I'm gone;
I won't be long," and then she went out by a
door and left the prisoner alone.

Ojo was much astonished, for not only was this
unlike any prison he had ever heard of, but he was
being treated more as a guest than a criminal.
There were many windows and they bad no locks.
There were three doors to the room and none were
bolted. He cautiously opened one of the doors and
found it led into a hallway. But he had no
intention of trying to escape. If his jailor was
willing to trust him in this way he would not
betray her trust, and moreover a hot supper was
being prepared for him and his prison was very
pleasant and comfortable. So he took a book from
the case and sat down in a big chair to look at
the pictures.

This amused him until the woman came in with a
large tray and spread a cloth on one of the
tables. Then she arranged his supper, which proved
the most varied and delicious meal Ojo had ever
eaten in his life.

Tollydiggle sat near him while he ate, sewing
on some fancy work she held in her lap. When
he had finished she cleared the table and then
read to him a story from one of the books.

"Is this really a prison?" he asked, when she
had finished reading.

"Indeed it is," she replied. "It is the only
prison in the Land of Oz."

"And am I a prisoner?"

"Bless the child! Of course."

"Then why is the prison so fine, and why
are you so kind to me?" he earnestly asked.

Tollydiggle seemed surprised by the question,
but she presently answered:

"We consider a prisoner unfortunate. He is
unfortunate in two ways--because he has done
something wrong and because he is deprived of his
liberty. Therefore we should treat him kindly,
because of his misfortune, for otherwise he would
become hard and bitter and would not be sorry he
had done wrong. Ozma thinks that one who has
committed a fault did so because he was not strong
and brave; therefore she puts him in prison to
make him strong and brave. When that is
accomplished he is no longer a prisoner, but a
good and loyal citizen and everyone is glad that
he is now strong enough to resist doing wrong. You
see, it is kindness that makes one strong and
brave; and so we are kind to our prisoners."

Ojo thought this over very carefully. "I had
an idea," said he, "that prisoners were always
treated harshly, to punish them."

"That would be dreadful!" cried Tollydiggle.
"Isn't one punished enough in knowing he has
done wrong? Don't you wish, Ojo, with all your
heart, that you had not been disobedient and
broken a Law of Oz?"

"I--I hate to be different from other people,"
he admitted.

"Yes; one likes to be respected as highly as his
neighbors are," said the woman. "When you are
tried and found guilty, you will be obliged to
make amends, in some way. I don't know just
what Ozma will do to you, because this is the
first time one of us has broken a Law; but you
may be sure she will be just and merciful. Here
in the Emerald City people are too happy and
contented ever to do wrong; but perhaps you
came from some faraway corner of our land, and
having no love for Ozma carelessly broke one
of her Laws."

"Yes," said Ojo, "I've lived all my life in the
heart of a lonely forest, where I saw no one but
dear Unc Nunkie."

"I thought so," said Tollydiggle. "But now
we have talked enough, so let us play a game
until bedtime."




Chapter Sixteen

Princess Dorothy


Dorothy Gale was sitting in one of her rooms in
the royal palace, while curled up at her feet was
a little black dog with a shaggy coat and very
bright eyes. She wore a plain white frock, without
any jewels or other ornaments except an emerald-
green hair-ribbon, for Dorothy was a simple
little girl and had not been in the least spoiled
by the magnificence surrounding her. Once the
child had lived on the Kansas prairies, but she
seemed marked for adventure for she had made
seven trips to the Land of Oz before she came to
live there for good. Her very best friend was the
beautiful Ozma of Oz, who loved Dorothy so well
that she kept her in her own palace, so as to be
near her. The girl's Uncle Henry and Aunt Em--the
only relatives she had in the world--had also been
brought here by Ozma and given a pleasant home.
Dorothy knew almost everybody in Oz, and it was
she who had discovered the Scarecrow, the Tin
Woodman and the Cowardly Lion, as well as Tik-tok
the Clockwork Man. Her life was very pleasant now,
and although she had been made a Princess of Oz by
her friend Ozma she did not care much to be a
Princess and remained as sweet as when she had
been plain Dorothy Gale of Kansas.

Dorothy was reading in a book this evening
when Jellia Jamb, the favorite servant-maid of
the palace, came to say that the Shaggy Man
wanted to see her.

"All right," said Dorothy; "tell him to come
right up."

"But he has some queer creatures with him--some
of the queerest I've ever laid eyes on," reported
Jellia.

"Never mind; let 'em all come up," replied
Dorothy.

But when the door opened to admit not only the
Shaggy Man, but Scraps, the Woozy and the Glass
Cat, Dorothy jumped up and looked at her strange
visitors in amazement. The Patchwork Girl was the
most curious of all and Dorothy was uncertain at
first whether Scraps was really alive or only a
dream or a nightmare. Toto, her dog, slowly
uncurled himself and going to the Patchwork Girl
sniffed at her inquiringly; but soon he lay down
again, as if to say he had no interest in such an
irregular creation.

"You're a new one to me," Dorothy said
reflectively, addressing the Patchwork Girl. "I
can't imagine where you've come from."

"Who, me?" asked Scraps, looking around the
pretty room instead of at the girl. "Oh, I came
from a bed-quilt, I guess. That's what they say,
anyhow. Some call it a crazy-quilt and some a
patchwork quilt. But my name is Scraps--and now
you know all about me."

"Not quite all," returned Dorothy with a smile.
"I wish you'd tell me how you came to be alive."

"That's an easy job," said Scraps, sitting upon
a big upholstered chair and making the springs
bounce her up and down. "Margolotte wanted a
slave, so she made me out of an old bed-quilt she
didn't use. Cotton stuffing, suspender-button
eyes, red velvet tongue, pearl beads for teeth.
The Crooked Magician made a Powder of Life,
sprinkled me with it and--here I am. Perhaps
you've noticed my different colors. A very refined
and educated gentleman named the Scarecrow, whom I
met, told me I am the most beautiful creature in
all Oz, and I believe it."

"Oh! Have you met our Scarecrow, then?" asked
Dorothy, a little puzzled to understand the brief
history related.

"Yes; isn't he jolly?"

"The Scarecrow has many good qualities," replied
Dorothy. "But I'm sorry to hear all this 'bout the
Crooked Magician. Ozma'll be mad as hops when she
hears he's been doing magic again. She told him
not to."

"He only practices magic for the benefit of his
own family," explained Bungle, who was keeping at
a respectful distance from the little black dog.

"Dear me," said Dorothy; "I hadn't noticed
you before. Are you glass, or what?"

"I'm glass, and transparent, too, which is more
than can be said of some folks," answered the
cat. "Also I have some lovely pink brains; you
can see 'em work."

"Oh; is that so? Come over here and let me see."

The Class Cat hesitated, eyeing the dog.

"Send that beast away and I will," she said.

"Beast! Why, that's my dog Toto, an' he's the
kindest dog in all the world. Toto knows a good
many things, too; 'most as much as I do, I
guess."

"Why doesn't he say anything?"  asked Bungle.

"He can't talk, not being a fairy dog,"
explained Dorothy. "He's just a common United
States dog; but that's a good deal; and I
understand him, and he understands me, just as
well as if he could talk."

Toto, at this, got up and rubbed his head
softly against Dorothy's hand, which she held
out to him, and he looked up into her face as if
he had understood every word she had said.

"This cat, Toto," she said to him, "is made
of glass, so you mustn't bother it, or chase it,
any more than you do my Pink Kitten. It's
prob'ly brittle and might break if it bumped
against anything."

"Woof!" said Toto, and that meant he understood.

The Glass Cat was so proud of her pink brains
that she ventured to come close to Dorothy, in
order that the girl might "see 'em work." This was
really interesting, but when Dorothy patted the
cat she found the glass cold and hard and
unresponsive, so she decided at once that Bungle
would never do for a pet.

"What do you know about the Crooked Magician who
lives on the mountain?" asked Dorothy.

"He made me," replied the cat; "so I know all
about him. The Patchwork Girl is new--three or
four days old--but I've lived with Dr. Pipt for
years; and, though I don't much care for him, I
will say that he has always refused to work magic
for any of the people who come to his house. He
thinks there's no harm in doing magic things for
his own family, and he made me out of glass
because the meat cats drink too much milk. He also
made Scraps come to life so she could do the
housework for his wife Margolotte."

"Then why did you both leave him?" asked
Dorothy.

"I think you'd better let me explain that,"
interrupted the Shaggy Man, and then he told
Dorothy all of Ojo's story and how Unc Nunkie and
Margolotte had accidentally been turned to marble
by the Liquid of Petrifaction. Then he related how
the boy had started out in search of the things
needed to make the magic charm, which would
restore the unfortunates to life, and how he had
found the Woozy and taken him along because he
could not pull the three hairs out of its tail.
Dorothy listened to all this with much interest,
and thought that so far Ojo had acted very well.
But when the Shaggy Man told her of the Munchkin
boy's arrest by the Soldier with the Green
Whiskers, because he was accused of wilfully
breaking a Law of Oz, the little girl was greatly
shocked.

"What do you s'pose he's done?" she asked.

"I fear he has picked a six-leaved clover,"
answered the Shaggy Man, sadly. "I did not see him
do it, and I warned him that to do so was against
the Law; but perhaps that is what he did,
nevertheless."

"I'm sorry 'bout that," said Dorothy gravely,
"for now there will be no one to help his poor
uncle and Margolotte 'cept this Patchwork Girl,
the Woozy and the Glass Cat."

"Don't mention it," said Scraps. "That's no
affair of mine. Margolotte and Unc Nunkie are
perfect strangers to me, for the moment I came
to life they came to marble."

"I see," remarked Dorothy with a sigh of
regret; "the woman forgot to give you a heart."

"I'm glad she did," retorted the Patchwork Girl.
"A heart must be a great annoyance to one. It
makes a person feel sad or sorry or devoted or
sympathetic--all of which sensations interfere with
one's happiness."

"I have a heart," murmured the Glass Cat.
"It's made of a ruby; but I don't imagine I shall
let it bother me about helping Unc Nunkie and
Margolotte."

"That's a pretty hard heart of yours," said
Dorothy. "And the Woozy, of course--"

"Why, as for me," observed the Woozy, who was
reclining on the floor with his legs doubled under
him, so that he looked much like a square box, "I
have never seen those unfortunate people you are
speaking of, and yet I am sorry for them, having
at times been unfortunate myself. When I was shut
up in that forest I longed for some one to help
me, and by and by Ojo came and did help me. So I'm
willing to help his uncle. I'm only a stupid
beast, Dorothy, but I can't help that, and if
you'll tell me what to do to help Ojo and his
uncle, I'll gladly do it."

Dorothy walked over and patted the Woozy on his
square head.

"You're not pretty," she said, "but I like you.
What are you able to do; anything 'special?"

"I can make my eyes flash fire--real fire--when
I'm angry. When anyone says: 'Krizzle-Kroo' to me
I get angry, and then my eyes flash fire."

"I don't see as fireworks could help Ojo's
uncle," remarked Dorothy. "Can you do anything
else?"

"I--I thought I bad a very terrifying growl,"
said the Woozy, with hesitation; "but perhaps
I was mistaken."

"Yes," said the Shaggy Man, "you were certainly
wrong about that." Then he turned to Dorothy and
added: "What will become of the Munchkin boy?"

"I don't know," she said, shaking her head
thoughtfully. "Ozma will see him 'bout it, of
course, and then she'll punish him. But how,
I don't know, 'cause no one ever has been
punished in Oz since I knew anything about
the place. Too bad, Shaggy Man, isn't it?"

While they were talking Scraps had been
roaming around the room and looking at all
the pretty things it contained. She had carried
Ojo's basket in her hand, until now, when she
decided to see what was inside it. She found
the bread and cheese, which she had no use for,
and the bundle of charms, which were curious
but quite a mystery to her. Then, turning these
over, she came upon the six-leaved clover which
the boy had plucked.

Scraps was quick-witted, and although she had no
heart she recognized the fact that Ojo was her
first friend. She knew at once that because the
boy had taken the clover he bad been imprisoned,
and she understood that Ojo had given her the
basket so they would not find the clover in his
possession and have proof of his crime. So,
turning her head to see that no one noticed her,
she took the clover from the basket and dropped it
into a golden vase that stood on Dorothy's table.
Then she came forward and said to Dorothy:

"I wouldn't care to help Ojo's uncle, but I
will help Ojo. He did not break the Law--no
one can prove he did--and that green-whiskered
soldier had no right to arrest him."

"Ozma ordered the boy's arrest," said Dorothy,
"and of course she knew what she was doing. But if
you can prove Ojo is innocent they will set him
free at once.

"They'll have to prove him guilty, won't
they?'' asked Scraps.

"I s'pose so."

"Well, they can't do that," declared the
Patchwork Girl.

As it was nearly time for Dorothy to dine with
Ozma, which she did every evening, she rang for a
servant and ordered the Woozy taken to a nice room
and given plenty of such food as he liked best.

"That's honey-bees," said the Woozy.

"You can't eat honey-bees, but you'll be given
something just as nice," Dorothy told him. Then
she had the Glass Cat taken to another room for
the night and the Patchwork Girl she kept in one
of her own rooms, for she was much interested in
the strange creature and wanted to talk with her
again and try to understand her better.




Chapter Seventeen

Ozma and Her Friends


The Shaggy Man had a room of his own in the royal
palace, so there he went to change his shaggy suit
of clothes for another just as shaggy but not so
dusty from travel. He selected a costume of
peagreen and pink satin and velvet, with
embroidered shags on all the edges and iridescent
pearls for ornaments. Then he bathed in an
alabaster pool and brushed his shaggy hair and
whiskers the wrong way to make them still more
shaggy. This accomplished, and arrayed in his
splendid shaggy garments, he went to Ozma's
banquet hall and found the Scarecrow, the Wizard
and Dorothy already assembled there. The Scarecrow
had made a quick trip and returned to the Emerald
City with his left ear freshly painted.

A moment later, while they all stood in waiting,
a servant threw open a door, the orchestra struck
up a tune and Ozma of Oz entered.

Much has been told and written concerning the
beauty of person and character of this sweet girl
Ruler of the Land of Oz--the richest, the happiest
and most delightful fairyland of which we have any
knowledge. Yet with all her queenly qualities Ozma
was a real girl and enjoyed the things in life
that other real girls enjoy. When she sat on her
splendid emerald throne in the great Throne Room
of her palace and made laws and settled disputes
and tried to keep all her subjects happy and
contented, she was as dignified and demure as any
queen might be; but when she had thrown aside her
jeweled robe of state and her sceptre, and had
retired to her private apartments, the girl--
joyous, light-hearted and free--replaced the
sedate Ruler.

In the banquet hall to-night were gathered
only old and trusted friends, so here Ozma was
herself--a mere girl. She greeted Dorothy with
a kiss, the Shaggy Man with a smile, the little
old Wizard with a friendly handshake and then
she pressed the Scarecrow's stuffed arm and
cried merrily:

"What a lovely left ear! Why, it's a hundred
times better than the old one."

"I'm glad you like it," replied the Scarecrow,
well pleased. "Jinjur did a neat job, didn't she?
And my hearing is now perfect. Isn't it wonderful
what a little paint will do, if it's properly
applied?"

"It really is wonderful," she agreed, as they
all took their seats; "but the Sawhorse must
have his legs twinkle to have carried you so far
in one day. I didn't expect you back before
tomorrow, at the earliest."

"Well," said the Scarecrow, "I met a charming
girl on the road and wanted to see more of her, so
I hurried back."

Ozma laughed.

"I know," she returned; "it's the Patchwork
Girl. She is certainly bewildering, if not strictly
beautiful."

"Have you seen her, then?" the straw man eagerly
asked.

"Only in my Magic Picture, which shows me all
scenes of interest in the Land of Oz."

"I fear the picture didn't do her justice," said
the Scarecrow.

"It seemed to me that nothing could be more
gorgeous," declared Ozma. "Whoever made that
patchwork quilt, from which Scraps was formed,
must have selected the gayest and brightest bits
of cloth that ever were woven.

"I am glad you like her," said the Scarecrow
in a satisfied tone. Although the straw man did
not eat, not being made so he could, he often
dined with Ozma and her companions, merely
for the pleasure of talking with them. He sat at
the table and had a napkin and plate, but the
servants knew better than to offer him food.
After a little while he asked: "Where is the
Patchwork Girl now?"

"In my room," replied Dorothy. "I've taken a
fancy to her; she's so queer and-and-uncommon."

"She's half crazy, I think," added the Shaggy
Man.

"But she is so beautiful!"  exclaimed the
Scarecrow, as if that fact disarmed all criticism.
They  all laughed at his enthusiasm, but the
Scarecrow  was quite serious. Seeing that he was
interested in Scraps they forbore to say anything
against her. The little band of friends Ozma had
gathered around her was so quaintly assorted that
much care must be exercised to avoid hurting their
feelings or making any one of them unhappy. It was
this considerate kindness that held them close
friends and enabled them to enjoy one another's
society.

Another thing they avoided was conversing
on unpleasant subjects, and for that reason Ojo
and his troubles were not mentioned during the
dinner. The Shaggy Man, however, related his
adventures with the monstrous plants which
had seized and enfolded the travelers, and told
how he had robbed Chiss, the giant porcupine,
of the quills which it was accustomed to throw
at people. Both Dorothy and Ozma were pleased
with this exploit and thought it served Chiss
right.

Then they talked of the Woozy, which was the
most remarkable animal any of them had ever before
seen--except, perhaps, the live Sawhorse. Ozma had
never known that her dominions contained such a
thing as a Woozy, there being but one in existence
and this being confined in his forest for many
years. Dorothy said she believed the Woozy was a
good beast, honest and faithful; hut she added
that she did not care much for the Glass Cat.

"Still," said the Shaggy Man, "the Glass Cat
is very pretty and if she were not so conceited
over her pink brains no one would object to her
as a companion.

The Wizard had been eating silently until
now, when he looked up and remarked:

"That Powder of Life which is made by the
Crooked Magician is really a wonderful thing.
But Dr. Pipt does not know its true value and
he uses it in the most foolish ways."

"I must see about that," said Ozma, gravely.
Then she smiled again and continued in a
lighter tone: "It was Dr. Pipt's famous Powder
of Life that enabled me to become the Ruler
of Oz."

"I've never heard that story," said the Shaggy
Man, looking at Ozma questioningly.

"Well, when I was a baby girl I was stolen by an
old Witch named Mombi and transformed into a boy,"
began the girl Ruler. "I did not know who I was
and when I grew big enough to work, the Witch made
me wait upon her and carry wood for the fire and
hoe in the garden. One day she came back from a
journey bringing some of the Powder of Life, which
Dr. Pipt had given her. I had made a pumpkin-
headed man and set it up in her path to frighten
her, for I was fond of fun and hated the Witch.
But she knew what the figure was and to test her
Powder of Life she sprinkled some of it on the man
I had made. It came to life and is now our dear
friend Jack Pumpkinhead. That night I ran away
with Jack to escape punishment, and I took old
Mombi's Powder of Life with me. During our journey
we came upon a wooden Sawhorse standing by the
road and I used the magic powder to bring it to
life. The Sawhorse has been with me ever since.
When I got to the Emerald City the good Sorceress,
Glinda, knew who I was and restored me to my
proper person, when I became the rightful Ruler of
this land. So you see had not old Mombi brought
home the Powder of Life I might never have run
away from her and become Ozma of Oz, nor would we
have had Jack Pumpkinhead and the Sawhorse to
comfort and amuse us."

That story interested the Shaggy Man very much,
as well as the others, who had often heard it
before. The dinner being now concluded, they all
went to Ozma's drawing-room, where they passed a
pleasant evening before it came time to retire.




Chapter Eighteen

Ojo is Forgiven


The next morning the Soldier with the Green
Whiskers went to the prison and took Ojo away to
the royal palace, where he was summoned to appear
before the girl Ruler for judgment. Again the
soldier put upon the boy the jeweled handcuffs and
white prisoner's robe with the peaked top and
holes for the eyes. Ojo was so ashamed, both of
his disgrace and the fault he had committed, that
he was glad to be covered up in this way, so that
people could not see him or know who he was. He
followed the Soldier with the Green Whiskers very
willingly, anxious that his fate might be decided
as soon as possible.

The inhabitants of the Emerald City were polite
people and never jeered at the unfortunate; but it
was so long since they bad seen a prisoner that
they cast many curious looks toward the boy and
many of them hurried away to the royal palace to
be present during the trial.

When Ojo was escorted into the great Throne
Room of the palace he found hundreds of people
assembled there. In the magnificent emerald
throne, which sparkled with countless jewels, sat
Ozma of Oz in her Robe of State, which was
embroidered with emeralds and pearls. On her
right, but a little lower, was Dorothy, and on her
left the Scarecrow. Still lower, but nearly in
front of Ozma, sat the wonderful Wizard of Oz and
on a small table beside him was the golden vase
from Dorothy's room, into which Scraps had dropped
the stolen clover.

At Ozma's feet crouched two enormous beasts,
each the largest and most powerful of its kind.
Although these beasts were quite free, no one
present was alarmed by them; for the Cowardly Lion
and the Hungry Tiger were well known and respected
in the Emerald City and they always guarded the
Ruler when she held high court in the Throne Room.
There was still another beast present, but this
one Dorothy held in her arms, for it was her
constant companion, the little dog Toto. Toto knew
the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger and often
played and romped with them, for they were good
friends.

Seated on ivory chairs before Ozma, with a clear
space between them and the throne, were many of
the nobility of the Emerald City, lords and ladies
in beautiful costumes, and officials of the
kingdom in the royal uniforms of Oz. Behind these
courtiers were others of less importance, filling
the great hall to the very doors.

At the same moment that the Soldier with the
Green Whiskers arrived with Ojo, the Shaggy Man
entered from a side door, escorting the Patchwork
Girl, the Woozy and the Glass Cat. All these came
to the vacant space before the throne and stood
facing the Ruler.

"Hullo, Ojo," said Scraps; "how are you?"

"All right," he replied; but the scene awed the
boy and his voice trembled a little with fear.
Nothing could awe the Patchwork Girl, and although
the Woozy was somewhat uneasy in these splendid
surroundings the Glass Cat was delighted with the
sumptuousness of the court and the impressiveness
of the occasion--pretty big words but quite
expressive.

At a sign from Ozma the soldier removed Ojo's
white robe and the boy stood face to face with the
girl who was to decide his punishment. He saw at a
glance how lovely and sweet she was, and his heart
gave a bound of joy, for he hoped she would be
merciful.

Ozma sat looking at the prisoner a long time.
Then she said gently:

"One of the Laws of Oz forbids anyone to
pick a six-leaved clover. You are accused of
having broken this Law, even after you had
been warned not to do so.

Ojo hung his head and while he hesitated how to
reply the Patchwork Girl stepped forward and spoke
for him.

"All this fuss is about nothing at all," she
said, facing Ozma unabashed. "You can't prove he
picked the six-leaved clover, so you've no right
to accuse him of it. Search him, if you like, but
you won't find the clover; look in his basket and
you'll find it's not there. He hasn't got it, so I
demand that you set this poor Munchkin boy free."

The people of Oz listened to this defiance in
amazement and wondered at the queer Patchwork Girl
who dared talk so boldly to their Ruler. But Ozma
sat silent and motionless and it was the little
Wizard who answered Scraps.

"So the clover hasn't been picked, eh?" he said.
"I think it has. I think the boy hid it in his
basket, and then gave the basket to you. I also
think you dropped the clover into this vase, which
stood in Princess Dorothy's room, hoping to get
rid of it so it would not prove the boy guilty.
You're a stranger here, Miss Patches, and so you
don't know that nothing can be hidden from our
powerful Ruler's Magic Picture--nor from the
watchful eyes of the humble Wizard of Oz. Look,
all of you!" With these words he waved his hands
toward the vase on the table, which Scraps now
noticed for the first time.

From the mouth of the vase a plant sprouted,
slowly growing before their eyes until it became a
beautiful bush, and on the topmost branch appeared
the six-leaved clover which Ojo had unfortunately
picked.

The Patchwork Girl looked at the clover and
said: "Oh, so you've found it. Very well; prove
he picked it, if you can."

Ozma turned to Ojo.

"Did you pick the six-leaved clover?" she asked.

"Yes," he replied. "I knew it was against the
Law, but I wanted to save Unc Nunkie and I was
afraid if I asked your consent to pick it you
would refuse me."

"What caused you to think that?" asked the
Ruler.

"Why, it seemed to me a foolish law, unjust and
unreasonable. Even now I can see no harm in
picking a six-leaved clover. And I--I had not seen
the Emerald City, then, nor you, and I thought a
girl who would make such a silly Law would not be
likely to help anyone in trouble."

Ozma regarded him musingly, her chin resting
upon her hand; but she was not angry. On the
contrary she smiled a little at her thoughts and
then grew sober again.

"I suppose a good many laws seem foolish to
those people who do not understand them," she
said; "but no law is ever made without some
purpose, and that purpose is usually to protect
all the people and guard their welfare. As you are
a stranger, I will explain this Law which to you
seems so foolish. Years ago there were many
Witches and Magicians in the Land of Oz, and one
of the things they often used in making their
magic charms and transformations was a six-leaved
clover. These Witches and Magicians caused so much
trouble among my people, often using their powers
for evil rather than good, that I decided to
forbid anyone to practice magic or sorcery except
Glinda the Good and her assistant, the Wizard of
Oz, both of whom I can trust to use their arts
only to benefit my people and to make them
happier. Since I issued that Law the Land of Oz
has been far more peaceful and quiet; but I
learned that some of the Witches and Magicians
were still practicing magic on the sly and using
the six-leaved clovers to make their potions and
charms. Therefore I made another Law forbidding
anyone from plucking a six-leaved clover or from
gathering other plants and herbs which the Witches
boil in their kettles to work magic with. That has
almost put an end to wicked sorcery in our land,
so you see the Law was not a foolish one, but wise
and just; and, in any event, it is wrong to
disobey a Law."

Ojo knew she was right and felt greatly
mortified to realize he had acted and spoken so
ridiculously. But he raised his head and looked
Ozma in the face, saying:

"I am sorry I have acted wrongly and broken
your Law. I did it to save Unc Nunkie, and
thought I would not be found out. But I am
guilty of this act and whatever punishment you
think I deserve I will suffer willingly."

Ozma smiled more brightly, then, and nodded
graciously.

"You are forgiven," she said. "For, although
you have committed a serious fault, you are now
penitent and I think you have been punished
enough. Soldier, release Ojo the Lucky and--"

"I beg your pardon; I'm Ojo the Unlucky,"
said the boy.

"At this moment you are lucky," said she.
"Release him, Soldier, and let him go free."

The people were glad to hear Ozma's decree and
murmured their approval. As the royal audience was
now over, they began to leave the Throne Room and
soon there were none remaining except Ojo and his
friends and Ozma and her favorites.

The girl Ruler now asked Ojo to sit down and
tell her all his story, which he did, beginning
at the time he had left his home in the forest
and ending with his arrival at the Emerald City
and his arrest. Ozma listened attentively and
was thoughtful for some moments after the boy
had finished speaking. Then she said:

"The Crooked Magician was wrong to make the
Glass Cat and the Patchwork Girl, for it was
against the Law. And if he had not unlawfully kept
the bottle of Liquid of Petrifaction standing on
his shelf, the accident to his wife Margolotte and
to Unc Nunkie could not have occurred. I can
understand, however, that Ojo, who loves his
uncle, will be unhappy unless he can save him.
Also I feel it is wrong to leave those two victims
standing as marble statues, when they ought to be
alive. So I propose we allow Dr. Pipt to make the
magic charm which will save them, and that we
assist Ojo to find the things he is seeking. What
do you think, Wizard?"

"That is perhaps the best thing to do," replied
the Wizard. "But after the Crooked Magician
has restored those poor people to life you must
take away his magic powers."

"I will," promised Ozma.

"Now tell me, please, what magic things must you
find?" continued the Wizard, addressing Ojo.

"The three hairs from the Woozy's tail I
have," said the boy. "That is, I have the Woozy,
and the hairs are in his tail. The six-leaved
clover I--I--"

"You may take it and keep it," said Ozma. "That
will not be breaking the Law, for it is already
picked, and the crime of picking it is forgiven."

"Thank you!" cried Ojo gratefully. Then he
continued: "The next thing, I must find is a gill
of water from a dark well.'

The Wizard shook his head. "That," said he,
"will be a hard task, but if you travel far enough
you may discover it."

"I am willing to travel for years, if it will
save Unc Nunkie," declared Ojo, earnestly.

"Then you'd better begin your journey at
once," advised the Wizard.

Dorothy bad been listening with interest to
this conversation. Now she turned to Ozma and
asked: "May I go with Ojo, to help him?"

"Would you like to?" returned Ozma.

"Yes. I know Oz pretty well, but Ojo doesn't
know it at all. I'm sorry for his uncle and poor
Margolotte and I'd like to help save them. May
I go?"

"If you wish to," replied Ozma.

"If Dorothy goes, then I must go to take care of
her," said the Scarecrow, decidedly. "A dark well
can only be discovered in some out-of-the-way
place, and there may be dangers there."

"You have my permission  to accompany Dorothy,"
said Ozma. "And while you are gone I will take
care of the Patchwork Girl."

"I'll take care of myself," announced Scraps,
"for I'm going with the Scarecrow and Dorothy.
I promised Ojo to help him find the things he
wants and I'll stick to my promise."

"Very well," replied Ozma. "But I see no need
for Ojo to take the Glass Cat and the Woozy."

"I prefer to remain here," said the cat. "I've
nearly been nicked half a dozen times, already,
and if they're going into dangers it's best for me
to keep away from them."

"Let Jellia Jamb keep her till Ojo returns,"
suggested Dorothy. "We won't need to take the
Woozy, either, but he ought to be saved because
of the three hairs in his tail."

"Better take me along," said the Woozy. "My eyes
can flash fire, you know, and I can growl--a
little."

"I'm sure you'll be safer here," Ozma decided,
and the Woozy made no further objection to the
plan.

After consulting together they decided that Ojo
and his party should leave the very next day to
search for the gill of water from a dark well, so
they now separated to make preparations for the
journey.

Ozma gave the Munchkin boy a room in the palace
for that night and the afternoon he passed with
Dorothy--getting acquainted, as she said--and
receiving advice from the Shaggy Man as to where
they must go. The Shaggy Man had wandered in many
parts of Oz, and so had Dorothy, for that matter,
yet neither of them knew where a dark well was to
be found.

"If such a thing is anywhere in the settled
parts of Oz," said Dorothy, "we'd prob'ly have
heard of it long ago. If it's in the wild parts of
the country, no one there would need a dark
well. P'raps there isn't such a thing."

"Oh, there must he!" returned Ojo, positively;
"or else the recipe of Dr. Pipt wouldn't call
for it."

"That's true," agreed Dorothy; "and, if it's
anywhere in the Land of Oz, we're bound to find
it."

"Well, we're bound to search for it, anyhow,"
said the Scarecrow. "As for finding it, we must
trust to luck."

"Don't do that," begged Ojo, earnestly. "I'm
called Ojo the Unlucky, you know."




Chapter Nineteen

Trouble with the Tottenhots


A day's journey from the Emerald City brought the
little band of adventurers to the home of Jack
Pumpkinhead, which was a house formed from the
shell of an immense pumpkin. Jack had made it
himself and was very proud of it. There was a
door, and several windows, and through the top was
stuck a stovepipe that led from a small stove
inside. The door was reached by a flight of three
steps and there was a good floor on which was
arranged some furniture that was quite
comfortable.

It is certain that Jack Pumpkinhead might
have had a much finer house to live in bad he
wanted it, for Ozma loved the stupid fellow,
who had been her earliest companion; but Jack
preferred his pumpkin house, as it matched
himself very well, and in this he was not so
stupid, after all.

The body of this remarkable person was made of
wood, branches of trees of various sizes having
been used for the purpose. This wooden framework
was covered by a red shirt--with white spots in
it--blue trousers, a yellow vest, a jacket of
green-and-gold and stout leather shoes. The neck
was a sharpened stick on which the pumpkin head
was set, and the eyes, ears, nose and mouth were
carved on the skin of the pumpkin, very like a
child's jack-o'-lantern.

The house of this interesting creation stood
in the center of a vast pumpkin-field, where the
vines grew in profusion and bore pumpkins of
extraordinary size as well as those which were
smaller. Some of the pumpkins now ripening
on the vines were almost as large as Jack's house,
and he told Dorothy he intended to add another
pumpkin to his mansion.

The travelers were cordially welcomed to this
quaint domicile and invited to pass the night
there, which they had planned to do. The
Patchwork Girl was greatly interested in Jack
and examined him admiringly.

"You are quite handsome," she said; "but not
as really beautiful as the Scarecrow."

Jack turned, at this, to examine the Scarecrow
critically, and his old friend slyly winked one
painted eye at him.

"There is no accounting for tastes," remarked
the Pumpkinhead, with a sigh. "An old crow
once told me I was very fascinating, but of
course the bird might have been mistaken. Yet
I have noticed that the crows usually avoid the
Scarecrow, who is a very honest fellow, in his
way, but stuffed. I am not stuffed, you will
observe; my body is good solid hickory."

"I adore stuffing," said the Patchwork Girl.

"Well, as for that, my head is stuffed with
pumpkin-seeds," declared Jack. "I use them for
brains, and when they are fresh I am intellectual.
Just now, I regret to say, my seeds are rattling a
bit, so I must soon get another head."

"Oh; do you change your head?" asked Ojo.

"To be sure. Pumpkins are not permanent, more's
the pity, and in time they spoil. That is why I
grow such a great field of pumpkins--that I may
select a new head whenever necessary."

"Who carves the faces on them?" inquired the
boy.

"I do that myself. I lift off my old head, place
it on a table before me, and use the face for a
pattern to go by. Sometimes the faces I carve are
better than others--more expressive and cheerful,
you know--but I think they average very well."

Before she had started on the journey Dorothy
had packed a knapsack with the things she might
need, and this knapsack the Scarecrow carried
strapped to his back. The little girl wore a plain
gingham dress and a checked sunbonnet, as she knew
they were best fitted for travel. Ojo also had
brought along his basket, to which Ozma had added
a bottle of "Square Meal Tablets" and some fruit.
But Jack Pumpkinhead grew a lot of things in his
garden besides pumpkins, so he cooked for them a
fine vegetable soup and gave Dorothy, Ojo and
Toto, the only ones who found it necessary to eat,
a pumpkin pie and some green cheese. For beds they
must use the sweet dried grasses which Jack had
strewn along one side of the room, but that
satisfied Dorothy and Ojo very well. Toto, of
course, slept beside his little mistress.

The Scarecrow, Scraps and the Pumpkinhead
were tireless and had no need to sleep, so they
sat up and talked together all night; but they
stayed outside the house, under the bright stars,
and talked in low tones so as not to disturb the
sleepers. During the conversation the Scarecrow
explained their quest for a dark well, and asked
Jack's advice where to find it.

The Pumpkinhead considered the matter gravely.

"That is going to be a difficult task," said he,
"and if I were you I'd take any ordinary well
and enclose it, so as to make it dark."

"I fear that wouldn't do," replied the
Scarecrow. "The well must be naturally dark, and
the water must never have seen the light of day,
for otherwise the magic charm might not work at
all."

"How much of the water do you need?" asked Jack.

"A gill."

"How much is a gill?"

"Why--a gill is a gill, of course," answered
the Scarecrow, who did not wish to display his
ignorance.

"I know!" cried Scraps. "Jack and Jill went up
the hill to fetch--"

"No, no; that's wrong," interrupted the
Scarecrow. "There are two kinds of gills, I think;
one is a girl, and the other is--"

"A gillyflower," said Jack.

"No; a measure."

"How big a measure?"

"Well, I'll ask Dorothy."

So next morning they asked Dorothy, and she
said:

"I don't just know how much a gill is, but I've
brought along a gold flask that holds a pint.
That's more than a gill, I'm sure, and the Crooked
Magician may measure it to suit himself. But the
thing that's bothering us most, Jack, is to find
the well."

Jack gazed around the landscape, for he was
standing in the doorway of his house.

"This is a flat country, so you won t find any
dark wells here," said he. "You must go into the
mountains, where rocks and caverns are.

"And where is that?" asked Ojo.

"In the Quadling Country, which lies south
of here," replied the Scarecrow. "I've known all
along that we must go to the mountains."

"So have I," said Dorothy.

"But--goodness me!--the Quadling Country is full
of dangers," declared Jack. "I've never been there
myself, but--"

"I have," said the Scarecrow. "I've faced the
dreadful Hammerheads, which have no arms and butt
you like a goat; and I've faced the Fighting
Trees, which bend down their branches to pound and
whip you, and had many other adventures there."

"It's a wild country," remarked Dorothy,
soberly, "and if we go there we're sure to have
troubles of our own. But I guess we'll have to go,
if we want that gill of water from the dark well."

So they said good-bye to the Pumpkinhead and
resumed their travels, heading now directly toward
the South Country, where mountains and rocks and
caverns and forests of great trees abounded. This
part of the Land of Oz, while it belonged to Ozma
and owed her allegiance, was so wild and secluded
that many queer peoples hid in its jungles and
lived in their own way, without even a knowledge
that they had a Ruler in the Emerald City. If they
were left alone, these creatures never troubled
the inhabitants of the rest of Oz, but those who
invaded their domains encountered many dangers
from them.

It was a two days journey from Jack Pumkinhead's
house to the edge of the Quadling Country, for
neither Dorothy nor Ojo could walk very fast and
they often stopped by the wayside to rest. The
first night they slept on the broad fields, among
the buttercups and daisies, and the Scarecrow
covered the children with a gauze blanket taken
from his knapsack, so they would not be chilled by
the night air. Toward evening of the second day
they reached a sandy plain where walking was
difficult; but some distance before them they saw
a group of palm trees, with many curious black
dots under them; so they trudged bravely on to
reach that place by dark and spend the night under
the shelter of the trees.

The black dots grew larger as they advanced and
although the light was dim Dorothy thought they
looked like big kettles turned upside down. Just
beyond this place a jumble of huge, jagged rocks
lay scattered, rising to the mountains behind
them.

Our travelers preferred to attempt to climb
these rocks by daylight, and they realized that
for a time this would be their last night on the
plains.

Twilight had fallen by the time they came to the
trees, beneath which were the black, circular
objects they had marked from a distance. Dozens of
them were scattered around and Dorothy bent near
to one, which was about as tall as she was, to
examine it more closely. As she did so the top
flew open and out popped a dusky creature, rising
its length into the air and then plumping down
upon the ground just beside the little girl.
Another and another popped out of the circular,
pot-like dwelling, while from all the other black
objects came popping more creatures--very like
jumping-jacks when their boxes are unhooked--until
fully a hundred stood gathered around our little
group of travelers.

By this time Dorothy had discovered they
were people, tiny and curiously formed, but still
people. Their skins were dusky and their hair
stood straight up, like wires, and was brilliant
scarlet in color. Their bodies were bare except
for skins fastened around their waists and they
wore bracelets on their ankles and wrists, and
necklaces, and great pendant earrings.

Toto crouched beside his mistress and wailed
as if he did not like these strange creatures a bit.
Scraps began to mutter something about "hopity,
poppity, jumpity, dump!" but no one paid any
attention to her. Ojo kept close to the Scarecrow
and the Scarecrow kept close to Dorothy; but the
little girl turned to the queer creatures and
asked:

"Who are you?"

They answered this question all together, in
a sort of chanting chorus, the words being as follows:


"We're the jolly Tottenhots;
We do not like the day,
But in the night 'tis our delight
To gambol, skip and play.

"We hate the sun and from it run,
The moon is cool and clear,
So on this spot each Tottenhot
Waits for it to appear.

"We're ev'ry one chock full of fun,
And full of mischief, too;
But if you're gay and with us play
We'll do no harm to you.



"Glad to meet you, Tottenhots," said the
Scarecrow solemnly. "But you mustn't expect us
to play with you all night, for we've traveled
all day and some of us are tired."

"And we never gamble," added the Patchwork Girl.
"It's against the Law."

These remarks were greeted with shouts of
laughter by the impish creatures and one seized
the Scarecrow's arm and was astonished to find the
straw man whirl around so easily. So the Tottenhot
raised the Scarecrow high in the air and tossed
him over the heads of the crowd. Some one caught
him and tossed him back, and so with shouts of
glee they continued throwing the Scarecrow here
and there, as if he had been a basket-ball.

Presently another imp seized Scraps and began to
throw her about, in the same way. They found her a
little heavier than the Scarecrow but still light
enough to be tossed like a sofa-cushion, and they
were enjoying the sport immensely when Dorothy,
angry and indignant at the treatment her friends
were receiving, rushed among the Tottenhots and
began slapping and pushing them until she had
rescued the Scarecrow and the Patchwork Girl and
held them close on either side of her. Perhaps she
would not have accomplished this victory so easily
had not Toto helped her, barking and snapping at
the bare legs of the imps until they were glad to
flee from his attack. As for Ojo, some of the
creatures had attempted to toss him, also, but
finding his body too heavy they threw him to the
ground and a row of the imps sat on him and held
him from assisting Dorothy in her battle.

The little brown folks were much surprised
at being attacked by the girl and the dog, and
one or two who had been slapped hardest began
to cry. Then suddenly they gave a shout, all
together, and disappeared in a flash into their
various houses, the tops of which closed with a
series of pops that sounded like a bunch of
firecrackers being exploded.

The adventurers now found themselves alone,
and Dorothy asked anxiously:

"Is anybody hurt?"

"Not me," answered the Scarecrow. "They have
given my straw a good shaking up and taken all the
lumps out of it. I am now in splendid condition
and am really obliged to the Tottenhots for their
kind treatment."

"I feel much the same way," said Scraps.
"My cotton stuffing had sagged a good deal with
the day's walking and they've loosened it up
until I feel as plump as a sausage. But the play
was a little rough and I'd had quite enough of
it when you interfered."

"Six of them sat on me," said Ojo, "but as
they are so little they didn't hurt me much."

Just then the roof of the house in front of
them opened and a Tottenhot stuck his head
out, very cautiously, and looked at the strangers.

"Can't you, take a joke?" he asked,
reproachfully; "haven t you any fun in you at
all?"

"If I had such a quality," replied the
Scarecrow, "your people would have knocked it out
of me. But I don't bear grudges. I forgive you."

"So do I," added Scraps. "That is, if you behave
yourselves after this."

"It was just a little rough-house, that's all,"
said the Tottenhot. "But the question is not if
we will behave, but if you will behave? We
can't be shut up here all night, because this
is our time to play; nor do we care to come out
and be chewed up by a savage beast or slapped
by an angry girl. That slapping hurts like sixty;
some of my folks are crying about it. So here's
the proposition: you let us alone and we'll let
you alone."

"You began it," declared Dorothy.

"Well, you ended it, so we won't argue the
matter. May we come out again? Or are you still
cruel and slappy?"

"Tell you what we'll do," said Dorothy. "We're
all tired and want to sleep until morning. If
you'll let us get into your house, and stay there
until daylight, you can play outside all you want
to."

"That's a bargain!" cried the Tottenhot
eagerly, and he gave a queer whistle that
brought his people popping out of their houses
on all sides. When the house before them was
vacant, Dorothy and Ojo leaned over the hole
and looked in, but could see nothing because
it was so dark. But if the Tottenhots slept there
all day the children thought they could sleep
there at night, so Ojo lowered himself down
and found it was not very deep."

"There's a soft cushion all over," said he.
"Come on in."

Dorothy handed Toto to the boy and then climbed
in herself. After her came Scraps and the
Scarecrow, who did not wish to sleep but preferred
to keep out of the way of the mischievous
Tottenhots.

There seemed no furniture in the round den, but
soft cushions were strewn about the floor and
these they found made very comfortable beds. They
did not close the hole in the roof but left it
open to admit air. It also admitted the shouts and
ceaseless laughter of the impish Tottenhots as
they played outside, but Dorothy and Ojo, being
weary from their journey, were soon fast asleep.

Toto kept an eye open, however, and uttered low,
threatening growls whenever the racket made by the
creatures outside became too boisterous; and the
Scarecrow and the Patchwork Girl sat leaning
against the wall and talked in whispers all night
long. No one disturbed the travelers until
daylight, when in popped the Tottenhot who owned
the place and invited them to vacate his premises.




Chapter Twenty

The Captive Yoop


As they were preparing to leave, Dorothy asked:
"Can you tell us where there is a dark well?"

"Never heard of such a thing," said the
Tottenhot. "We live our lives in the dark, mostly,
and sleep in the day-time; but we've never seen a
dark well, or anything like one."

"Does anyone live on those mountains beyond
here?" asked the Scarecrow.

"Lots of people. But you'd better not visit
them. We never go there," was the reply.

"What are the people like?" Dorothy inquired.

"Can't say. We've been told to keep away
from the mountain paths, and so we obey. This
sandy desert is good enough for us, and we're
not disturbed here," declared the Tottenhot.

So they left the man snuggling down to sleep in
his dusky dwelling, and went out into the
sunshine, taking the path that led toward the
rocky places. They soon found it hard climbing,
for the rocks were uneven and full of sharp points
and edges, and now there was no path at all.
Clambering here and there among the boulders they
kept steadily on, gradually rising higher and
higher until finally they came to a great rift in
a part of the mountain, where the rock seemed to
have split in two and left high walls on either
side.

"S'pose we go this way," suggested Dorothy;
it's much easier walking than to climb over
the hills."

"How about that sign?" asked Ojo.

"What sign?" she inquired.

The Munchkin boy pointed to some words
painted on the wall of rock beside them, which
Dorothy had not noticed. The words read:


"LOOK OUT FOR YOOP."


The girl eyed this sign a moment and turned to
the Scarecrow, asking:

"Who is Yoop; or what is Yoop?"

The straw man shook his head. Then looked at
Toto and the dog said "Woof!"

"Only way to find out is to go on, Scraps."

This being quite true, they went on. As they
proceeded, the walls of rock on either side grew
higher and higher. Presently they came upon
another sign which read:


"BEWARE THE CAPTIVE YOOP."


"Why, as for that," remarked Dorothy, "if Yoop
is a captive there's no need to beware of him.
Whatever Yoop happens to be, I'd much rather have
him a captive than running around loose."

"So had I," agreed the Scarecrow, with a nod of
his painted head.

"Still," said Scraps, reflectively:


"Yoop-te-hoop-te-loop-te-goop!
Who put noodles in the soup?
We may beware but we don't care,
And dare go where we scare the Yoop."



"Dear me! Aren't you feeling a little queer,
just now?" Dorothy asked the Patchwork Girl.

"Not queer, but crazy," said Ojo. "When she
says those things I'm sure her brains get mixed
somehow and work the wrong way.

"I don't see why we are told to beware the Yoop
unless he is dangerous," observed the Scarecrow in
a puzzled tone.

"Never mind; we'll find out all about him when
we get to where he is," replied the little girl.

The narrow canyon turned and twisted this way
and that, and the rift was so small that they were
able to touch both walls at the same time by
stretching out their arms. Toto had run on ahead,
frisking playfully, when suddenly he uttered a
sharp bark of fear and came running back to them
with his tail between his legs, as dogs do when
they are frightened.

"Ah," said the Scarecrow, who was leading
the way, "we must be near Yoop."

Just then, as he rounded a sharp turn, the
Straw man stopped so suddenly that all the
others bumped against him.

"What is it?" asked Dorothy, standing on
tip-toes to look over his shoulder. But then she
saw what it was and cried "Oh!" in a tone of
astonishment.

In one of the rock walls--that at their left--
was hollowed a great cavern, in front of which was
a row of thick iron bars, the tops and bottoms
being firmly fixed in the solid rock. Over this
cavern was a big sign, which Dorothy read with
much curiosity, speaking the words aloud that all
might know what they said:


"MISTER YOOP--HIS CAVE

The Largest Untamed Giant in Captivity.
Height, 21 Feet.--(And yet he has but 2 feet.)
Weight, 1640 Pounds.--(But he waits all the time.)
Age, 400 Years 'and Up' (as they say in the

 Department Store advertisements).
Temper, Fierce and Ferocious.--(Except when asleep.)
Appetite, Ravenous.--(Prefers Meat People and Orange Marmalade.)


P. S.--Don't feed the Giant yourself."



"Very well," said Ojo, with a sigh; "let's go back."

"It's a long way back," declared Dorothy.

"So it is," remarked the Scarecrow, "and it
means a tedious climb over those sharp rocks if
we can t use this passage. I think it will be best
to run by the Giant's cave as fast as we can go.
Mister Yoop seems to be asleep just now."

But the Giant wasn't asleep. He suddenly
appeared at the front of his cavern, seized the
iron bars in his great hairy hands and shook
them until they rattled in their sockets. Yoop
was so tall that our friends had to tip their heads
way back to look into his face, and they noticed
he was dressed all in pink velvet, with silver
buttons and braid. The Giant's boots were of
pink leather and had tassels on them and his
hat was decorated with an enormous pink ostrich
feather, carefully curled.

"Yo--ho!" he said in a deep bass voice; "I smell
dinner."

"I think you are mistaken," replied the
Scarecrow. "There is no orange marmalade around
here."

"Ah, but I eat other things," asserted Mister
Yoop. "That is, I eat them when I can get them.
But this is a lonely place, and no good meat has
passed by my cave for many years; so I'm hungry."

"Haven't you eaten anything in many years?"
asked Dorothy.

"Nothing except six ants and a monkey. I thought
the monkey would taste like meat people, but the
flavor was different. I hope you will taste
better, for you seem plump and tender."

"Oh, I'm not going to be eaten," said Dorothy.

"Why not?"

"I shall keep out of your way," she answered.

"How heartless!" wailed the Giant, shaking the
bars again. "Consider how many years it is since
I've eaten a single plump little girl! They tell
me meat is going up, but if I can manage to catch
you I'm sure it will soon be going down. And I'll
catch you if I can."

With this the Giant pushed his big arms,
which looked like tree-trunks (except that tree-
trunks don't wear pink velvet) between the iron
bars, and the arms were so long that they
touched the opposite wall of the rock passage.
Then he extended them as far as he could reach
toward our travelers and found he could almost
touch the Scarecrow--but not quite.

"Come a little nearer, please," begged the
Giant.

"I'm a Scarecrow."

"A Scarecrow? Ugh! I don't care a straw for
a scarecrow. Who is that bright-colored delicacy
behind you?"

"Me?" asked Scraps. "I'm a Patchwork Girl,
and I'm stuffed with cotton."

"Dear me," sighed the Giant in a disapointed
tone; "that reduces my dinner from four to two--
and the dog. I'll save the dog for dessert."

Toto growled, keeping a good distance away.

"Back up," said the Scarecrow to those behind
him. "Let us go back a little way and talk this
over.

So they turned and went around the bend in
the passage, where they were out of sight of the
cave and Mister Yoop could not hear them.

"My idea," began the Scarecrow, when they
had halted, "is to make a dash past the cave,
going on a run.

"He'd grab us," said Dorothy.

"Well, he can't grab but one at a time, and
I'll go first. As soon as he grabs me the rest of
you can slip past him, out of his reach, and he
will soon let me go because I am not fit to eat."

They decided to try this plan and Dorothy
took Toto in her arms, so as to protect him. She
followed just after the Scarecrow. Then came
Ojo, with Scarps the last of the four. Their
hearts beat a little faster than usual as they again
approached the Giant's cave, this time moving
swiftly forward.

It turned out about the way the Scarecrow had
planned. Mister Yoop was quite astonished to see
them come flying toward him, and thrusting his
arms between the bars he seized the Scarecrow in a
firm grip. In the next instant he realized, from
the way the straw crunched between his fingers,
that he had captured the non-eatable man, but
during that instant of delay Dorothy and Ojo had
slipped by the Giant and were out of reach.
Uttering a howl of rage the monster threw the
Scarecrow after them with one hand and grabbed
Scraps with the other.

The poor Scarecrow went whirling through the air
and so cleverly was he aimed that he struck Ojo's
back and sent the boy tumbling head over heels,
and he tripped Dorothy and sent her, also,
sprawling upon the ground. Toto flew out of the
little girl's arms and landed some distance ahead,
and all were so dazed that it was a moment before
they could scramble to their feet again. When they
did so they turned to look toward the Giant's
cave, and at that moment the ferocious Mister Yoop
threw the Patchwork Girl at them.

Down went all three again, in a heap, with
Scraps on top. The Giant roared so terribly that
for a time they were afraid he had broken loose;
but he hadn't. So they sat in the road and looked
at one another in a rather bewildered way, and
then began to feel glad.

"We did it!" exclaimed the Scarecrow, with
satisfaction. "And now we are free to go on
our way.

"Mister Yoop is very impolite," declared
Scraps. "He jarred me terribly. It's lucky my
stitches are so fine and strong, for otherwise such
harsh treatment might rip me up the back."

"Allow me to apologize for the Giant," said
the Scarecrow, raising the Patchwork Girl to
her feet and dusting her skirt with his stuffed
hands. "Mister Yoop is a perfect stranger to me,
but I fear, from the rude manner in which he
has acted, that he is no gentleman."

Dorothy and Ojo laughed at this statement
and Toto barked as if he understood the joke,
after which they all felt better and resumed the
journey in high spirits.

"Of course," said the little girl, when they had
walked a way along the passage, "it was lucky for
us the Giant was caged; for, if he had happened to
be loose, he--he--"

"Perhaps, in that case, he wouldn't be hungry
any more," said Ojo gravely.




Chapter Twenty-One

Hip Hopper the Champion


They must have had good courage to climb all those
rocks, for after getting out of the canyon they
encountered more rock hills to he surmounted. Toto
could jump from one rock to another quite easily,
but the others had to creep and climb with care,
so that after a whole day of such work Dorothy and
Ojo found themselves very tired.

As they gazed upward at the great mass of
tumbled rocks that covered the steep incline,
Dorothy gave a little groan and said:

"That's going to be a ter'ble hard climb,
Scarecrow. I wish we could find the dark well
without so much trouble."

"Suppose," said Ojo, "you wait here and let
me do the climbing, for it's on my account
we're searching for the dark well. Then, if I
don't find anything, I'll come back and join
you.

"No," replied the little girl, shaking her head
positively, "we'll all go together, for that way
we can help each other. If you went alone,
something might happen to you, Ojo."

So they began the climb and found it indeed
difficult, for a way. But presently, in creeping
over the big crags, they found a path at their
feet which wound in and out among the masses of
rock and was quite smooth and easy to walk upon.
As the path gradually ascended the mountain,
although in a roundabout way, they decided to
follow it.

"This must be the road to the Country of
the Hoppers," said the Scarecrow.

"Who are the Hoppers?" asked Dorothy.

"Some people Jack Pumpkinhead told me about," he
replied.

"I didn't hear him," replied the girl.

"No; you were asleep," explained the Scarecrow.
"But he told Scraps and me that the hoppers
and the Horners live on this mountain."

"He said in the mountain," declared Scraps;
"but of course he meant on it."

"Didn't he say what the Hoppers and Horners were
like?" inquired Dorothy.

"No; he only said they were two separate
nations, and that the Horners were the most
important."

"Well, if we go to their country we'll find out
all about 'em," said the girl. "But I've never
heard Ozma mention those people, so they can't
be very important."

"Is this mountain in the Land of Oz?" asked
Scraps.

"Course it is," answered Dorothy. "It's in the
South Country of the Quadlings. When one comes to
the edge of Oz, in any direction, there is nothing
more to be seen at all. Once you could see sandy
desert all around Oz; but now it's diff'rent, and
no other people can see us, any more than we can
see them."

"If the mountain is under Ozma's rule, why
doesn't she know about the Hoppers and the
Horners?" Ojo asked.

"Why, it's a fairyland," explained Dorothy, "and
lots of queer people live in places so tucked away
that those in the Emerald City never even hear of
'em. In the middle of the country it's diff'rent,
but when you get around the edges you're sure to
run into strange little corners that surprise you.
I know, for I've traveled in Oz a good deal, and
os has the Scarecrow."

"Yes," admitted the straw man, "I've been
considerable of a traveler, in my time, and I like
to explore strange places. I find I learn much
more by traveling than by staying at home."

During this conversation they had been walking
up the steep pathway and now found themselves well
up on the mountain. They could see nothing around
them, for the rocks beside their path were higher
than their heads. Nor could they see far in front
of them, because the path was so crooked. But
suddenly they stopped, because the path ended and
there was no place to go. Ahead was a big rock
lying against the side of the mountain, and this
blocked the way completely.

"There wouldn't be a path, though, if it
didn't go somewhere," said the Scarecrow,
wrinkling his forehead in deep thought.

"This is somewhere, isn't it?" asked the
Patchwork Girl, laughing at the bewildered
looks of the others.


"The path is locked, the way is blocked,
Yet here we've innocently flocked;
And now we're here it's rather queer
There's no front door that can be knocked."


"Please don't, Scraps," said Ojo. "You make me nervous.

"Well," said Dorothy, "I'm glad of a little
rest, for that's a drea'ful steep path."

As she spoke she leaned against the edge of
the big rock that stood in their way. To her
surprise it slowly swung backward and showed
behind it a dark hole that looked like the mouth
of a tunnel.

"Why, here's where the path goes to!" she
exclaimed.

"So it is," answered the Scarecrow. "But the
question is, do we want to go where the path
does?"

"It's underground; right inside the mountain,"
said Ojo, peering into the dark hole. "perhaps
there's a well there; and, if there is, it's sure
to be a dark one."

"Why, that's true enough!" cried Dorothy
with eagerness. "Let's go in, Scarecrow; 'cause,
if others have gone, we're pretty safe to go, too."

Toto looked in and barked, but he did not
venture to enter until the Scarecrow had bravely
gone first. Scraps followed closely after the
straw man and then Ojo and Dorothy timidly stepped
inside the tunnel. As soon as all of them had
passed the big rock, it slowly turned and filled
up the opening again; but now they were no longer
in the dark, for a soft, rosy light enabled them
to see around them quite distinctly.

It was only a passage, wide enough for two
of them to walk abreast--with Toto in between
them--and it had a high, arched roof. They
could not see where the light which flooded the
place so pleasantly came from, for there were
no lamps anywhere visible. The passage ran
straight for a little way and then made a bend
to the right and another sharp turn to the left,
after which it went straight again. But there
were no side passages, so they could not lose
their way.

After proceeding some distance, Toto, who
had gone on ahead, began to bark loudly. They
ran around a bend to see what was the matter
and found a man sitting on the floor of the
passage and leaning his back against the wall.
He had probably been asleep before Toto's barks
aroused him, for he was now rubbing his eyes
and staring at the little dog with all his might.

There was something about this man that Toto
objected to, and when he slowly rose to his foot
they saw what it was. He had but one leg, set just
below the middle of his round, fat body; but it
was a stout leg and had a broad, flat foot at the
bottom of it, on which the man seemed to stand
very well. He had never had but this one leg,
which looked something like a pedestal, and when
Toto ran up and made a grab at the man's ankle he
hopped first one way and then another in a very
active manner, looking so frightened that Scraps
laughed aloud.

Toto was usually a well behaved dog, but this
time he was angry and snapped at the man's leg
again and again. This filled the poor fellow with
fear, and in hopping out of Toto's reach he
suddenly lost his balance and tumbled heel over
head upon the floor. When he sat up he kicked Toto
on the nose and made the dog howl angrily, but
Dorothy now ran forward and caught Toto's collar,
holding him back.

"Do you surrender?" she asked the man.

"Who? Me?" asked the Hopper.

"Yes; you," said the little girl.

"Am I captured?" he inquired.

"Of course. My dog has captured you," she said.

"Well," replied the man, "if I'm captured I must
surrender, for it's the proper thing to do. I like
to do everything proper, for it saves one a lot of
trouble."

"It does, indeed," said Dorothy. "Please tell us
who you are.

"I'm Hip Hopper--Hip Hopper, the Champion."

"Champion what?" she asked in surprise.

"Champion wrestler. I'm a very strong man,
and that ferocious animal which you are so





TIK-TOK OF OZ

by L. FRANK BAUM

To Louis F. Gottschalk,
Whose sweet and dainty melodies
breathe the true spirit of fairyland,
this book is affectionately dedicated


To My Readers

The very marked success of my last year's fairy
book, "The Patchwork Girl of Oz," convinces me
that my readers like the Oz stories "best of all," as
one little girl wrote me. So here, my dears, is a
new Oz story in which is introduced Ann Soforth,
the Queen of Oogahoo, whom Tik-Tok assisted
in conquering our old acquaintance, the Nome Kin.
It also tells of Betsy Bobin and how, after many
adventures, she finally reached the marvelous
Land of Oz.

There is a play called "The Tik-Tok Man of Oz,"
hut it is not like this story of "Tik-Tok of Oz,"
although some of the adventures recorded in this
book, as well as those in several other Oz hooks,
are included in the play. Those who have seen the
play and those who have read the other Oz hooks
will find in this story a lot of strange
characters and adventures that they have never
heard of before.

In the letters I receive from children there has
been an urgent appeal for me to write a story that
will take Trot and Cap'n Bill to the Land of Oz,
where they will meet Dorothy and Ozma. Also
they think Button-Bright ought to get acquainted
with Ojo the Lucky. As you know, I am obliged
to talk these matters over with Dorothy by means
of the "wireless," for that is the only way I can
communicate with the Land of Oz. When I asked
her about this idea, she replied: "Why, haven't you
heard?" I said "No." "Well," came the message over
the wireless, "I'll tell you all about it, by and
by, and then you can make a hook of that story for
the children to read."

So, if Dorothy keeps her word and I am permitted
to write another Oz hook, you will probably
discover how all these characters came together in
the famous Emerald City. Meantime, I want to tell
all my little friends--whose numbers are increasing
by many thousands every year--that I am very
grateful for the favor they have shown my hooks and
for the delightful little letters I am constantly
receiving. I am almost sure that I have as many friends
among the children of America as any story writer
alive; and this, of course, makes me very proud and
happy.

L. Frank Baum.

"OZCOT"
at HOLLYWOOD
in CALIFORNIA, 1914.




LIST OF CHAPTERS
1  - Ann's Army
2  - Out of Oogaboo
3  - Magic Mystifies the Marchers
4  - Betsy braves the Bellows
5  - The Roses Repulse the Refugees
6  - Shaggy Seeks his Stray Brother
7  - Polychrome's pitiful Plight
8  - Tik-Tok Tackles a Tough task
9  - Ruggedo's Rage is Rash and Reckless
10 - A terrible Tumble Through a Tube
11 - A Famous Fellowship of Fairies
12 - The Lovely Lady of Light
13 - The Jinjin's Just Judgment
14 - The Long-Eared Hearer Learns by Listening
15 - The Dragon Defies Danger
16 - The Naughty Nome
17 - A Tragic Transformation
18 - A Cleaver Conquest
19 - King Kaliko
20 - Quok Quietly Quits
21 - A Bashful Brother
22 - kindly Kisses
23 - Ruggedo Reforms
24 - Dorothy is Delighted
25 - The Land of Love




TIK-TOK of OZ




Chapter One

Ann's Army


"I won't!" cried Ann; "I won't sweep the floor. It
is beneath my dignity."

"Some one must sweep it," replied Ann's younger
sister, Salye; "else we shall soon he wading in
dust. And you are the eldest, and the head of the
family."

"I'm Queen of Oogaboo," said Ann, proudly.
"But," she added with a sigh, "my kingdom is the
smallest and the poorest in all the Land of Oz."

This was quite true. Away up in the mountains,
in a far corner of the beautiful fairyland of Oz,
lies a small valley which is named Oogaboo, and in
this valley lived a few people who were usually
happy and contented and never cared to wander over
the mountain pass into the more settled parts of
the land. They knew that all of Oz, including
their own territory, was ruled by a beautiful
Princess named Ozma, who lived in the splendid
Emerald City; yet the simple folk of Oogaboo
never visited Ozma. They had a royal family of
their own--not especially to rule over them, but
just as a matter of pride. Ozma permitted the
various parts of her country to have their Kings
and Queens and Emperors and the like, but all were
ruled over by the lovely girl Queen of the Emerald
City.

The King of Oogaboo used to he a man named
Jol Jemkiph Soforth, who for many years did
all the drudgery of deciding disputes and telling
his people when to plant cabbages and pickle
onions. But the King's wife had a sharp tongue
and small respect for the King, her husband;
therefore one night King Jol crept over the pass
into the Land of Oz and disappeared from
Oogaboo for good and all. The Queen waited
a few years for him to return and then started
in search of him, leaving her eldest daughter,
Ann Soforth, to act as Queen.

Now, Ann had not forgotten when her birthday
came, for that meant a party and feasting and
dancing, but she had quite forgotten how many
years the birthdays marked. In a land where people
live always, this is not considered a cause for
regret, so we may justly say that Queen Ann of
Oogaboo was old enough to make jelly--and let it go
at that.

But she didn't make jelly, or do any more of the
housework than she could help. She was an
ambitious woman and constantly resented the fact
that her kingdom was so tiny and her people so
stupid and unenterprising. Often she wondered what
had become of her father and mother, out beyond
the pass, in the wonderful Land of Oz, and the
fact that they did not return to Oogaboo led Ann
to suspect that they bad found a better place to
live. So, when Salye refused to sweep the floor of
the living room in the palace, and Ann would not
sweep it, either, she said to her sister:

"I'm going away. This absurd Kingdom of Oogaboo
tires me."

"Go, if you want to," answered Salye; "but you
are very foolish to leave this place."

"Why?" asked Ann.

"Because in the Land of Oz, which is Ozma's
country, you will be a nobody, while here you
are a Queen."

"Oh, yes! Queen over eighteen men, twenty-seven
women and forty-four children!" returned Ann
bitterly.

"Well, there are certainly more people than that
in the great Land of Oz," laughed Salye. "Why
don't you raise an army and conquer them, and be
Queen of all Oz?" she asked, trying to taunt Ann
and so to anger her. Then she made a face at her
sister and went into the back yard to swing in the
hammock.

Her jeering words, however, had given Queen Ann
an idea. She reflected that Oz was reported to be
a peaceful country and Ozma a mere girl who ruled
with gentleness to all and was obeyed because her
people loved her. Even in Oogaboo the story was
told that Ozma's sole army consisted of twenty-
seven fine officers, who wore beautiful uniforms
but carried no weapons, because there was no one
to fight. Once there had been a private soldier,
besides the officers, but Ozma had made him a
Captain-General and taken away his gun for fear it
might accidentally hurt some one.

The more Ann thought about the matter the more
she was convinced it would be easy to conquer the
Land of Oz and set herself up as Ruler in Ozma's
place, if she but had an Army to do it with.
Afterward she could go out into the world and
conquer other lands, and then perhaps she could
find a way to the moon, and conquer that. She had
a warlike spirit that preferred trouble to
idleness.

It all depended on an Army, Ann decided. She
carefully counted in her mind all the men of her
kingdom. Yes; there were exactly eighteen of them,
all told. That would not make a very big Army, but
by surprising Ozma's unarmed officers her men
might easily subdue them. "Gentle people are
always afraid of those that bluster," Ann told
herself. "I don't wish to shed any blood, for that
would shock my nerves and I might faint; but if we
threaten and flash our weapons I am sure the
people of Oz will fall upon their knees before me
and surrender."

This argument, which she repeated to herself
more than once, finally determined the Queen of
Oogaboo to undertake the audacious venture.

"Whatever happens," she reflected, "can make
me no more unhappy than my staying shut up
in this miserable valley and sweeping floors and
quarreling with Sister Salye; so I will venture
all, and win what I may."

That very day she started out to organize her
Army.

The first man she came to was Jo Apple, so
called because he had an apple orchard.

"Jo," said Ann, "I am going to conquer the
world, and I want you to join my Army."

"Don't ask me to do such a fool thing, for I
must politely refuse Your Majesty," said Jo
Apple."

"I have no intention of asking you. I shall
command you, as Queen of Oogaboo, to join," said
Ann.

"In that case, I suppose I must obey," the man
remarked, in a sad voice. "But I pray you to
consider that I am a very important citizen, and
for that reason am entitled to an office of high
rank."

"You shall be a General," promised Ann.

"With gold epaulets and a sword?" he asked.

"Of course," said the Queen.

Then she went to the next man, whose name was Jo
Bunn, as he owned an orchard where graham-buns and
wheat-buns, in great variety, both hot and cold,
grew on the trees.

"Jo," said Ann, "I am going to conquer the
world, and I command you to join my Army."

"Impossible!" he exclaimed. "The bun crop has to
be picked."

"Let your wife and children do the picking,"
said Ann.

"But I'm a man of great importance, Your
Majesty," he protested.

"For that reason you shall be one of my
Generals, and wear a cocked hat with gold
braid, and curl your mustaches and clank a long
sword," she promised.

So he consented, although sorely against his
will, and the Queen walked on to the next
cottage. Here lived Jo Cone, so called because
the trees in his orchard bore crops of excellent
ice-cream cones.

"Jo," said Ann, "I am going to conquer the
world, and you must join my Army."

"Excuse me, please," said Jo Cone. "I am a
bad fighter. My good wife conquered me years
ago, for she can fight better than I. Take her,
Your Majesty, instead of me, and I'll bless you
for the favor."

"This must be an army of men-fierce, ferocious
warriors," declared Ann, looking sternly upon the
mild little man.

"And you will leave my wife here in Oogaboo?" he
asked.

"Yes; and make you a General."

"I'll go," said Jo Cone, and Ann went on to
the cottage of Jo Clock, who had an orchard of
clock-trees. This man at first insisted that he
would not join the army, but Queen Ann's
promise to make him a General finally won his
consent.

"How many Generals are there in your army?"
he asked.

"Four, so far," replied Ann.

"And how big will the army he?" was his next
question.

"I intend to make every one of the eighteen
men in Oogaboo join it," she said.

"Then four Generals are enough," announced
Jo Clock. "I advise you to make the rest of them
Colonels."

Ann tried to follow his advice. The next four
men she visited--who were Jo Plum, Jo Egg, Jo
Banjo and Jo Cheese, named after the trees in
their orchards--she made Colonels of her Army; but
the fifth one, Jo Nails, said Colonels and
Generals were getting to be altogether too common
in the Army of Oogaboo and he preferred to be a
Major. So Jo Nails, Jo Cake, Jo Ham and Jo
Stockings were all four made Majors, while the
next four--Jo Sandwich, Jo Padlocks, Jo Sundae and
Jo Buttons--were appointed Captains of the Army.

But now Queen Ann was in a quandary. There
remained but two other men in all Oogaboo,
and if she made these two Lieutenants, while
there were four Captains, four Majors, four
Colonels and four Generals, there was likely to
be jealousy in her army, and perhaps mutiny
and desertions.

One of these men, however, was Jo Candy, and he
would not go at all. No promises could tempt him,
nor could threats move him. He said he must remain
at home to harvest his crop of jackson-balls,
lemon-drops, bonbons and chocolate-creams. Also he
had large fields of cracker-jack and buttered
popcorn to be mowed and threshed, and he was
determined not to disappoint the children of
Oogaboo by going away to conquer the world and so
let the candy crop spoil.

Finding Jo Candy so obstinate, Queen Ann
let him have his own way and continued her
journey to the house of the eighteenth and last
man in Oogaboo, who was a young fellow
named Jo Files. This Files had twelve trees
which bore steel files of various sorts; but also
he had nine book-trees, on which grew a choice
selection of story-books. In case you have never
seen books growing upon trees, I will explain
that those in Jo Files' orchard were enclosed
in broad green husks which, when fully ripe,
turned to a deep red color. Then the books were
picked and husked and were ready to read. If
they were picked too soon, the stories were found
to be confused and uninteresting and the spelling
bad. However, if allowed to ripen perfectly, the
stories were fine reading and the spelling and
grammar excellent.

Files freely gave his books to all who wanted
them, but the people of Oogaboo cared little for
books and so he had to read most of them himself,
before they spoiled. For, as you probably know, as
soon as the books were read the words disappeared
and the leaves withered and faded--which is the
worst fault of all books which grow upon trees.

When Queen Ann spoke to this young man Files,
who was both intelligent and ambitious, he said he
thought it would be great fun to conquer the
world. But he called her attention to the fact
that he was far superior to the other men of her
army. Therefore, he would not be one of her
Generals or Colonels or Majors or Captains, but
claimed the honor of being sole Private.

Ann did not like this idea at all.

"I hate to have a Private Soldier in my army,
she said; "they're so common. I am told that
Princess Ozma once had a private soldier, but
she made him her Captain-General, which is
good evidence that the private was unnecessary.

"Ozma's army doesn't fight," returned Files;
"but your army must fight like fury in order to
conquer the world. I have read in my books that it
is always the private soldiers who do the
fighting, for no officer is ever brave enough to
face the foe. Also, it stands to reason that your
officers must have some one to command and to
issue their orders to; therefore I'll be the one.
I long to slash and slay the enemy and become a
hero. Then, when we return to Oogaboo, I'll take
all the marbles away from the children and melt
them up and make a marble statue of myself for all
to look upon and admire."

Ann was much pleased with Private Files. He
seemed indeed to be such a warrior as she needed
in her enterprise, and her hopes of success took
a sudden bound when Files told her he knew
where a gun-tree grew and would go there at
once and pick the ripest and biggest musket the
tree bore.




Chapter Two

Out of Oogaboo


Three days later the Grand Army of Oogaboo
assembled in the square in front of the royal
palace. The sixteen officers were attired in
gorgeous uniforms and carried sharp, glittering
swords. The Private had picked his gun and,
although it was not a very big weapon, Files tried
to look fierce and succeeded so well that all his
commanding officers were secretly afraid of him.

The women were there, protesting that Queen Ann
Soforth bad no right to take their husbands and
fathers from them; but Ann commanded them to keep
silent, and that was the hardest order to obey
they had ever received.

The Queen appeared before her Army dressed in an
imposing uniform of green, covered with gold
braid. She wore a green soldier-cap with a purple
plume in it and looked so royal and dignified that
everyone in Oogaboo except the Army was glad she
was going. The Army was sorry she was not going
alone.

"Form ranks!" she cried in her shrill voice.

Salye leaned out of the palace window and
laughed.

"I believe your Army can run better than it can
fight," she observed.

"Of course," replied General Bunn, proudly.
"We're not looking for trouble, you know, but for
plunder. The more plunder and the less fighting we
get, the better we shall like our work."

"For my part," said Files, "I prefer war and
carnage to anything. The only way to become
a hero is to conquer, and the story-books all say
that the easiest way to conquer is to fight."

"That's the idea, my brave man!" agreed Ann. "To
fight is to conquer and to conquer is to secure
plunder and to secure plunder is to become a hero.
With such noble determination to back me, the
world is mine! Good-bye, Salye. When we return we
shall be rich and famous. Come, Generals; let us
march."

At this the Generals straightened up and threw
out their chests. Then they swung their glittering
swords in rapid circles and cried to the Colonels:

"For-ward March!"

Then the Colonels shouted to the Majors: "For-
ward March!" and the Majors yelled to the
Captains: "For-ward March!" and the Captains
screamed to the Private:

"For-ward March!"

So Files shouldered his gun and began to march,
and all the officers followed after him. Queen Ann
came last of all, rejoicing in her noble army and
wondering why she had not decided long ago to
conquer the world.

In this order the procession marched out of
Oogaboo and took the narrow mountain pass
which led into the lovely Fairyland of Oz.




Chapter Three

Magic Mystifies the Marchers


Princess Ozma was all unaware that the Army of
Oogaboo, led by their ambitious Queen, was
determined to conquer her Kingdom. The beautiful
girl Ruler of Oz was busy with the welfare of her
subjects and had no time to think of Ann Soforth
and her disloyal plans. But there was one who
constantly guarded the peace and happiness of the
Land of Oz and this was the Official Sorceress of
the Kingdom, Glinda the Good.

In her magnificent castle, which stands far
north of the Emerald City where Ozma holds her
court, Glinda owns a wonderful magic Record Book,
in which is printed every event that takes place
anywhere, just as soon as it happens.

The smallest things and the biggest things are
all recorded in this book. If a child stamps its
foot in anger, Glinda reads about it; if a city
burns down, Glinda finds the fact noted in her
book.

The Sorceress always reads her Record Book every
day, and so it was she knew that Ann Soforth,
Queen of Oogaboo, had foolishly assembled an army
of sixteen officers and one private soldier, with
which she intended to invade and conquer the Land
of Or.

There was no danger but that Ozma, supported by
the magic arts of Glinda the Good and the powerful
Wizard of Oz--both her firm friends--could easily
defeat a far more imposing army than Ann's; but it
would be a shame to have the peace of Oz
interrupted by any sort of quarreling or fighting.
So Glinda did not even mention the matter to Ozma,
or to anyone else. She merely went into a great
chamber of her castle, known as the Magic Room,
where she performed a magical ceremony which
caused the mountain pass that led from Oogaboo to
make several turns and twists. The result was that
when Ann and her army came to the end of the pass
they were not in the Land of Oz at all, but in an
adjoining territory that was quite distinct from
Ozma's domain and separated from Oz by an
invisible barrier.

As the Oogaboo people emerged into this country,
the pass they had traversed disappeared behind
them and it was not likely they would ever find
their way back into the valley of Oogaboo. They
were greatly puzzled, indeed, by their
surroundings and did not know which way to go.
None of them had ever visited Oz, so it took them
some time to discover they were not in Oz at all,
but in an unknown country.

"Never mind," said Ann, trying to conceal her
disappointment; "we have started out to conquer
the world, and here is part of it. In time, as we
pursue our victorious journey, we will doubtless
come to Oz; but, until we get there, we may as
well conquer whatever land we find ourselves in."

"Have we conquered this place, Your Majesty?"
anxiously inquired Major Cake.

"Most certainly," said Ann. "We have met no
people, as yet, but when we do, we will inform
them that they are our slaves."

"And afterward we will plunder them of all
their possessions," added General Apple.

"They may not possess anything," objected
Private Files; "but I hope they will fight us,
just the same. A peaceful conquest wouldn't be any
fun at all."

"Don't worry," said the Queen. "We can fight,
whether our foes do or not; and perhaps we would
find it more comfortable to have the enemy
surrender promptly."

It was a barren country and not very pleasant to
travel in. Moreover, there was little for them to
eat, and as the officers became hungry they became
fretful. Many would have deserted had they been
able to find their way home, but as the Oogaboo
people were now hopelessly lost in a strange
country they considered it more safe to keep
together than to separate.

Queen Ann's temper, never very agreeable, became
sharp and irritable as she and her army tramped
over the rocky roads without encountering either
people or plunder. She scolded her officers until
they became surly, and a few of them were disloyal
enough to ask her to hold her tongue. Others began
to reproach her for leading them into difficulties
and in the space of three unhappy days every man
was mourning for his orchard in the pretty valley
of Oogaboo.

Files, however, proved a different sort. The
more difficulties he encountered the more cheerful
he became, and the sighs of the officers were
answered by the merry whistle of the Private. His
pleasant disposition did much to encourage Queen
Ann and before long she consulted the Private
Soldier more often than she did his superiors.

It was on the third day of their pilgrimage
that they encountered their first adventure.
Toward evening the sky was suddenly darkened
and Major Nails exclaimed:

"A fog is coming toward us."

"I do not think it is a fog," replied Files,
looking with interest at the approaching cloud.
"It seems to me more like the breath of a Rak."

"What is a Rak?" asked Ann, looking about
fearfully.

"A terrible beast with a horrible appetite,"
answered the soldier, growing a little paler than
usual. "I have never seen a Rak, to be sure, but I
have read of them in the story-books that grew in
my orchard, and if this is indeed one of those
fearful monsters, we are not likely to conquer the
world."

Hearing this, the officers became quite worried
and gathered closer about their soldier.

"What is the thing like?" asked one.

"The only picture of a Rak that I ever saw in a
book was rather blurred," said Files, "because the
book was not quite ripe when it was picked. But
the creature can fly in the air and run like a
deer and swim like a fish. Inside its body is a
glowing furnace of fire, and the Rak breathes in
air and breathes out smoke, which darkens the sky
for miles around, wherever it goes. It is bigger
than a hundred men and feeds on any living thing."

The officers now began to groan and to tremble,
but Files tried to cheer them, saying:

"It may not be a Rak, after all, that we see
approaching us, and you must not forget that we
people of Oogaboo, which is part of the fairyland
of Oz, cannot be killed."

"Nevertheless," said Captain Buttons, "if the
Rak catches us, and chews us up into small pieces,
and swallows us--what will happen then?"

"Then each small piece will still be alive,"
declared Files.

"I cannot see how that would help us," wailed
Colonel Banjo. "A hamburger steak is a hamburger
steak, whether it is alive or not!"

"I tell you, this may not be a Rak," persisted
Files. "We will know, when the cloud gets nearer,
whether it is the breath of a Rak or not. If it
has no smell at all, it is probably a fog; but If
it has an odor of salt and pepper, it is a Rak and
we must prepare for a desperate fight."

They all eyed the dark cloud fearfully. Before
long it reached the frightened group and began
to envelop them. Every nose sniffed the cloud
--and every one detected in it the odor of salt and
pepper.

"The Rak!" shouted Private Files, and with a
howl of despair the sixteen officers fell to the
ground, writhing and moaning in anguish.
Queen Ann sat down upon a rock and faced the
cloud more bravely, although her heart was beating
fast. As for Files, he calmly loaded his gun
and stood ready to fight the foe, as a soldier
should.

They were now in absolute darkness, for the
cloud which covered the sky and the setting sun
was black as ink. Then through the gloom appeared
two round, glowing balls of red, and Files at once
decided these must be the monster's eyes.

He raised his gun, took aim and fired.

There were several bullets in the gun, all
gathered from an excellent bullet-tree in Oogaboo,
and they were big and hard. They flew toward the
monster and struck it, and with a wild, weird cry
the Rak came fluttering down and its huge body
fell plump upon the forms of the sixteen officers,
who thereupon screamed louder than before.

"Badness me!" moaned the Rak. "See what
you've done with that dangerous gun of yours!"

"I can't see," replied Files, "for the cloud
formed by your breath darkens my sight!"

"Don't tell me it was an accident," continued
the Rak, reproachfully, as it still flapped its
wings in a helpless manner. "Don't claim you
didn't know the gun was loaded, I beg of you!"

"I don't intend to," replied Files. "Did the
bullets hurt you very badly?"

"One has broken my jaw, so that I can't open
my mouth. You will notice that my voice sounds
rather harsh and husky, because I have to talk
with my teeth set close together. Another bullet
broke my left wing, so that I can't fly; and still
another broke my right leg, so that I can't walk.
It was the most careless shot I ever heard of!"

"Can't you manage to lift your body off from
my commanding officers?" inquired Files. "From
their cries I'm afraid your great weight is
crushing them."

"I hope it is," growled the Rak. "I want to
crush them, if possible, for I have a bad
disposition. If only I could open my mouth, I'd
eat all of you, although my appetite is poorly
this warm weather."

With this the Rak began to roll its immense
body sidewise, so as to crush the officers more
easily; but in doing this it rolled completely off
from them and the entire sixteen scrambled to
their feet and made off as fast as they could run.

Private Files could not see them go but he
knew from the sound of their voices that they had
escaped, so he ceased to worry about them.

"Pardon me if I now bid you good-bye," he
said to the Rak. "The parting is caused by our
desire to continue our journey. If you die, do
not blame me, for I was obliged to shoot you
as a matter of self-protection."

"I shall not die," answered the monster, "for I
bear a charmed life. But I beg you not to leave
me!"

"Why not?" asked Files.

"Because my broken jaw will heal in about an
hour, and then I shall be able to eat you. My wing
will heal in a day and my leg will heal in a week,
when I shall be as well as ever. Having shot me,
and so caused me all this annoyance, it is only
fair and just that you remain here and allow me to
eat you as soon as I can open my jaws."

"I beg to differ with you," returned the soldier
firmly. "I have made an engagement with Queen
Ann of Oogaboo to help her conquer the world,
and I cannot break my word for the sake of being
eaten by a Rak."

"Oh; that's different," said the monster. "If
you've an engagement, don't let me detain you."

So Files felt around in the dark and grasped
the hand of the trembling Queen, whom he led
away from the flapping, sighing Rak. They
stumbled over the stones for a way but presently
began to see dimly the path ahead of them, as
they got farther and farther away from the
dreadful spot where the wounded monster lay.
By and by they reached a little hill and could
see the last rays of the sun flooding a pretty
valley beyond, for now they had passed beyond
the cloudy breath of the Rak. Here were huddled
the sixteen officers, still frightened and panting
from their run. They had halted only because
it was impossible for them to run any farther.

Queen Ann gave them a severe scolding for
their cowardice, at the same time praising Files
for his courage.

"We are wiser than he, however," muttered
General Clock, "for by running away we are
now able to assist Your Majesty in conquering
the world; whereas, had Files been eaten by the
Rak, he would have deserted your Army."

After a brief rest they descended into the
valley, and as soon as they were out of sight of
the Rak the spirits of the entire party rose
quickly. Just at dusk they came to a brook, on
the banks of which Queen Ann commanded
them to make camp for the night.

Each officer carried in his pocket a tiny white
tent. This, when placed upon the ground, quickly
grew in size until it was large enough to permit
the owner to enter it and sleep within its canvas
walls. Files was obliged to carry a knapsack, in
which was not only his own tent but an elaborate
pavilion for Queen Ann, besides a bed and chair
and a magic table. This table, when set upon the
ground in Ann's pavilion, became of large size,
and in a drawer of the table was contained the
Queen's supply of extra clothing, her manicure and
toilet articles and other necessary things. The
royal bed was the only one in the camp, the
officers and private sleeping in hammocks attached
to their tent poles.

There was also in the knapsack a flag bearing
the royal emblem of Oogaboo, and this flag Files
flew upon its staff every night, to show that the
country they were in had been conquered by the
Queen of Oogaboo. So far, no one but themselves
had seen the flag, but Ann was pleased to see it
flutter in the breeze and considered herself
already a famous conqueror.




Chapter Four

Betsy Braves the Billows


The waves dashed and the lightning flashed and the
thunder rolled and the ship struck a rock. Betsy
Bobbin was running across the deck and the shock
sent her flying through the air until she fell
with a splash into the dark blue water. The same
shock caught Hank, a thin little, sad-faced mule,
and tumbled him also into the sea, far from the
ship's side.

When Betsy came up, gasping for breath because
the wet plunge had surprised her, she reached out
in the dark and grabbed a bunch of hair. At first
she thought it was the end of a rope, but
presently she heard a dismal "Hee-haw!" and knew
she was holding fast to the end of Hank's tail.

Suddenly the sea was lighted up by a vivid
glare. The ship, now in the far distance, caught
fire, blew up and sank beneath the waves.

Betsy shuddered at the sight, but just then
her eye caught a mass of wreckage floating near
her and she let go the mule's tail and seized the
rude raft, pulling herself up so that she rode
upon it in safety. Hank also saw the raft and
swam to it, but he was so clumsy he never would
have been able to climb upon it had not Betsy
helped him to get aboard.

They had to crowd close together, for their
support was only a hatch-cover torn from the
ship's deck; but it floated them fairly well and
both the girl and the mule knew it would keep
them from drowning.

The storm was not over, by any means, when the
ship went down. Blinding bolts of lightning shot
from cloud to cloud and the clamor of deep
thunderclaps echoed far over the sea. The waves
tossed the little raft here and there as a child
tosses a rubber ball and Betsy had a solemn
feeling that for hundreds of watery miles in every
direction there was no living thing besides
herself and the small donkey.

Perhaps Hank had the same thought, for he gently
rubbed his nose against the frightened girl and
said "Hee-haw!" in his softest voice, as if to
comfort her.

"You'll protect me, Hank dear, won't you?" she
cried helplessly, and the mule said "Hee-haw!"
again, in tones that meant a promise.

On board the ship, during the days that preceded
the wreck, when the sea was calm, Betsy and Hank
had become good friends; so, while the girl might
have preferred a more powerful protector in this
dreadful emergency, she felt that the mule would
do all in a mule's power to guard her safety.

All night they floated, and when the storm had
worn itself out and passed away with a few distant
growls, and the waves had grown smaller and easier
to ride, Betsy stretched herself out on the wet
raft and fell asleep.

Hank did not sleep a wink. Perhaps he felt it
his duty to guard Betsy. Anyhow, he crouched
on the raft beside the tired sleeping girl and
watched patiently until the first light of dawn
swept over the sea.

The light wakened Betsy Bobbin. She sat up,
rubbed her eyes and stared across the water.

"Oh, Hank; there's land ahead!" she exclaimed.

"Hee-haw!" answered Hank in his plaintive voice.

The raft was floating swiftly toward a very
beautiful country and as they drew near Betsy
could see banks of lovely flowers showing brightly
between leafy trees. But no people were to be seen
at all.




Chapter Five

The Roses Repulse the Refugees


Gently the raft grated on the sandy beach. Then
Betsy easily waded ashore, the mule following
closely behind her. The sun was now shining and
the air was warm and laden with the fragrance of
roses.

"I'd like some breakfast, Hank," remarked the
girl, feeling more cheerful now that she was on
dry land; "but we can't eat the flowers, although
they do smell mighty good."

"Hee-haw!" replied Hank and trotted up a little
pathway to the top of the bank.

Betsy followed and from the eminence looked
around her. A little way off stood a splendid big
greenhouse, its thousands of crystal panes
glittering in the sunlight.

"There ought to be people somewhere 'round,"
observed Betsy thoughtfully; "gardeners, or
somebody. Let's go and see, Hank. I'm getting
hungrier ev'ry minute."

So they walked toward the great greenhouse and
came to its entrance without meeting with anyone
at all. A door stood ajar, so Hank went in first,
thinking if there was any danger he could back out
and warn his companion. But Betsy was close at his
heels and the moment she entered was lost in
amazement at the wonderful sight she saw.

The greenhouse was filled with magnificent
rosebushes, all growing in big pots. On the
central stem of each bush bloomed a splendid Rose,
gorgeously colored and deliciously fragrant, and
in the center of each Rose was the face of a
lovely girl.

As Betsy and Hank entered, the heads of the
Roses were drooping and their eyelids were closed
in slumber; but the mule was so amazed that he
uttered a loud "Hee-haw!" and at the sound of his
harsh voice the rose leaves fluttered, the Roses
raised their heads and a hundred startled eyes
were instantly fixed upon the intruders.

"I--I beg your pardon!" stammered Betsy,
blushing and confused.

"O-o-o-h!" cried the Roses, in a sort of sighing
chorus; and one of them added: "What a horrid
noise!"

"Why, that was only Hank," said Betsy, and as if
to prove the truth of her words the mule uttered
another loud "Hee-haw!"

At this all the Roses turned on their stems as
far as they were able and trembled as if some one
were shaking their hushes. A dainty Moss Rose
gasped: "Dear me! How dreadfully dreadful!"

"It isn't dreadful at all," said Betsy, somewhat
indignant. "When you get used to Hank's voice it
will put you to sleep."

The Roses now looked at the mule less fearfully
and one of them asked:

"Is that savage beast named Hank?"

"Yes; Hank's my comrade, faithful and true,
answered the girl, twining her arms around the
little mule's neck and hugging him tight. "Aren't
you, Hank?"

Hank could only say in reply: "Hee-haw!" and at
his bray the Roses shivered again.

"Please go away!" begged one. "Can't you see
you're frightening us out of a week's growth?"

"Go away!" echoed Betsy. "Why, we've no place to
go. We've just been wrecked."

"Wrecked?" asked the Roses in a surprised
chorus.

"Yes; we were on a big ship and the storm came
and wrecked it," explained the girl. "But Hank and
I caught hold of a raft and floated ashore to this
place, and--we're tired and hungry. What country
is this, please?"

"This is the Rose Kingdom," replied the Moss
Rose, haughtily, "and it is devoted to the culture
of the rarest and fairest Roses grown."

"I believe it," said Betsy, admiring the pretty
blossoms.

"But only Roses are allowed here," continued a
delicate Tea Rose, bending her brows in a frown;
"therefore you must go away before the Royal
Gardener finds you and casts you back into the
sea."

"Oh! Is there a Royal Gardener, then?" inquired
Betsy.

"To be sure.

"And is he a Rose, also?"

"Of course not; he's a man--a wonderful man,"
was the reply.

"Well, I'm not afraid of a man," declared the
girl, much relieved, and even as she spoke the
Royal Gardener popped into the greenhouse--a
spading fork in one hand and a watering pot in the
other.

He was a funny little man, dressed in a rose-
colored costume, with ribbons at his knees and
elbows, and a bunch of ribbons in his hair. His
eyes were small and twinkling, his nose sharp and
his face puckered and deeply lined.

"O-ho!" he exclaimed, astonished to find
strangers in his greenhouse, and when Hank gave a
loud bray the Gardener threw the watering pot over
the mule's head and danced around with his fork,
in such agitation that presently he fell over the
handle of the implement and sprawled at full
length upon the ground.

Betsy laughed and pulled the watering pot off
from Hank's head. The little mule was angry at the
treatment he had received and backed toward the
Gardener threateningly.

"Look out for his heels!" called Betsy warningly
and the Gardener scrambled to his feet and hastily
hid behind the Roses.

"You are breaking the Law!" he shouted, sticking
out his head to glare at the girl and the mule.

"What Law?" asked Betsy.

"The Law of the Rose Kingdom. No strangers
are allowed in these domains."

"Not when they're shipwrecked?" she inquired.

"The Law doesn't except shipwrecks," replied
the Royal Gardener, and he was about to say
more when suddenly there was a crash of glass
and a man came tumbling through the roof of
the greenhouse and fell plump to the ground.




Chapter Six

Shaggy Seeks his Stray Brother


This sudden arrival was a queer looking man,
dressed all in garments so shaggy that Betsy at
first thought he must he some animal. But the
stranger ended his fall in a sitting position and
then the girl saw it was really a man. He held an
apple in his hand, which he had evidently been
eating when he fell, and so little was he jarred
or flustered by the accident that he continued to
munch this apple as he calmly looked around him.

"Good gracious!" exclaimed Betsy, approaching
him. "Who are you, and where did you come from?"

"Me? Oh, I'm Shaggy Man," said he, taking
another bite of the apple. "Just dropped in for a
short call. Excuse my seeming haste."

"Why, I s'pose you couldn't help the haste,"
said Betsy.

"No. I climbed an apple tree, outside; branch
gave way and--here I am."

As he spoke the Shaggy Man finished his apple,
gave the core to Hank--who ate it greedily --and
then stood up to bow politely to Betsy and the
Roses.

The Royal Gardener had been frightened nearly
into fits by the crash of glass and the fall of
the shaggy stranger into the bower of Roses, but
now he peeped out from behind a bush and cried in
his squeaky voice:

"You're breaking the Law! You're breaking the
Law!"

Shaggy stared at him solemnly.

"Is the glass the Law in this country?" he
asked.

"Breaking the glass is breaking the Law,"
squeaked the Gardener, angrily. "Also, to intrude
in any part of the Rose Kingdom is breaking the
Law."

"How do you know?" asked Shaggy.

"Why, it's printed in a book," said the
Gardener, coming forward and taking a small book
from his pocket. "Page thirteen. Here it is: 'If
any stranger enters the Rose Kingdom he shall at
once be condemned by the Ruler and put to death.'
So you see, strangers,' he continued triumphantly,
"it's death for you all and your time has come!"

But just here Hank interposed. He had been
stealthily backing toward the Royal Gardener, whom
he disliked, and now the mule's heels shot out and
struck the little man in the middle. He doubled up
like the letter "U" and flew out of the door so
swiftly--never touching the ground --that he was
gone before Betsy had time to wink.

But the mule's attack frightened the girl.

"Come," she whispered, approaching the Shaggy
Man and taking his hand; "let's go somewhere else.
They'll surely kill us if we stay here!"

"Don't worry, my dear," replied Shaggy, patting
the child's head. "I'm not afraid of anything, so
long as I have the Love Magnet."

"The Love Magnet! Why, what is that?" asked
Betsy.

"It's a charming little enchantment that wins
the heart of everyone who looks upon it," was
the reply. "The Love Magnet used to hang over
the gateway to the Emerald City, in the Land
of Oz; but when I started on this journey our
beloved Ruler, Ozma of Oz, allowed me to take
it with me."

"Oh!" cried Betsy, staring hard at him; "are
you really from the wonderful Land of Oz?"

"Yes. Ever been there, my dear?"

"No; but I've heard about it. And do you know
Princess Ozma?"

"Very well indeed."

"And--and Princess Dorothy?"

"Dorothy's an old chum of mine," declared
Shaggy.

"Dear me!" exclaimed Betsy. "And why did
you ever leave such a beautiful land as Oz?"

"On an errand," said Shaggy, looking sad and
solemn. "I'm trying to find my dear little
brother."

"Oh! Is he lost?" questioned Betsy, feeling
very sorry for the poor man.

"Been lost these ten years, replied Shaggy,
taking out a handkerchief and wiping a tear from
his eye. "I didn't know it until lately, when I
saw it recorded in the magic Record Book of
the Sorceress Glinda, in the Land of Oz. So
now I'm trying to find him."

"Where was he lost?" asked the girl
sympathetically.

"Back in Colorado, where I used to live before I
went to Oz. Brother was a miner, and dug gold out
of a mine. One day he went into his mine and never
came out. They searched for him, but he was not
there. Disappeared entirely," Shaggy ended
miserably.

"For goodness sake! What do you s'pose became of
him?" she asked.

"There is only one explanation," replied
Shaggy, taking another apple from his pocket
and eating it to relieve his misery. "The Nome
King probably got him."

"The Nome King! Who is he?"

"Why, he's sometimes called the Metal Monarch,
and his name is Ruggedo. Lives in some underground
cavern. Claims to own all the metals hidden in the
earth. Don't ask my why."

"Why?"

"Cause I don't know. But this Ruggedo gets
wild with anger if anyone digs gold out of the
earth, and my private opinion is that he captured
brother and carried him off to his underground
kingdom. No--don't ask me why. I see you're
dying to ask me why. But I don't know."

"But--dear me!--in that case you will never
find your lost brother!" exclaimed the girl.

"Maybe not; but it's my duty to try," answered
Shaggy. "I've wandered so far without finding
him, but that only proves he is not where I've
been looking. What I seek now is the hidden
passage to the underground cavern of the terrible
Metal Monarch."

"Well," said Betsy doubtfully, "it strikes me
that if you ever manage to get there the Metal
Monarch will make you, too, his prisoner."

"Nonsense!" answered Shaggy, carelessly.
"You mustn't forget the Love Magnet."

"What about it?" she asked.

"When the fierce Metal Monarch sees the Love
Magnet, he will love me dearly and do anything I
ask."

"It must be wonderful," said Betsy, with awe.

"It is," the man assured her. "Shall I show it
to you?"

"Oh, do!" she cried; so Shaggy searched in his
shaggy pocket and drew out a small silver magnet,
shaped like a horseshoe.

The moment Betsy saw it she began to like the
Shaggy Man better than before. Hank also saw
the Magnet and crept up to Shaggy to rub his
head lovingly against the man's knee.

But they were interrupted by the Royal Gardener,
who stuck his head into the greenhouse and shouted
angrily:

"You are all condemned to death! Your only
chance to escape is to leave here instantly."

This startled little Betsy, but the Shaggy Man
merely waved the Magnet toward the Gardener, who,
seeing it, rushed forward and threw himself at
Shaggy's feet, murmuring in honeyed words:

"Oh, you lovely, lovely man! How fond I am of
you! Every shag and bobtail that decorates you is
dear to me--all I have is yours! But for goodness'
sake get out of here before you die the death."

"I'm not going to die," declared Shaggy Man.

"You must. It's the Law," exclaimed the
Gardener, beginning to weep real tears. "It breaks
my heart to tell you this bad news, but the Law
says that all strangers must be condemned by the
Ruler to die the death."

"No Ruler has condemned us yet," said Betsy.

"Of course not," added Shaggy. "We haven't
even seen the Ruler of the Rose Kingdom."

"Well, to tell the truth," said the Gardener, in
a perplexed tone of voice, "we haven't any real
Ruler, just now. You see, all our Rulers grow on
bushes in the Royal Gardens, and the last one we
had got mildewed and withered before his time. So
we had to plant him, and at this time there is no
one growing on the Royal Bushes who is ripe enough
to pick."

"How do you know?" asked Betsy.

"Why, I'm the Royal Gardener. Plenty of
royalties are growing, I admit; but just now they
are all green. Until one ripens, I am supposed to
rule the Rose Kingdom myself, and see that its
Laws are obeyed. Therefore, much as I love you,
Shaggy, I must put you to death."

"Wait a minute," pleaded Betsy. "I'd like to
see those Royal Gardens before I die."

"So would I," added Shaggy Man. "Take us there,
Gardener."

"Oh, I can't do that," objected the Gardener.
But Shaggy again showed him the Love Magnet
and after one glance at it the Gardener could
no longer resist.

He led Shaggy, Betsy and Hank to the end
of the great greenhouse and carefully unlocked
a small door. Passing through this they came
into the splendid Royal Garden of the Rose
Kingdom.

It was all surrounded by a tall hedge and within
the enclosure grew several enormous rosebushes
having thick green leaves of the texture of
velvet. Upon these bushes grew the members of the
Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and
children in all stages of maturity. They all
seemed to have a light green hue, as if unripe or
not fully developed, their flesh and clothing
being alike green. They stood perfectly lifeless
upon their branches, which swayed softly in the
breeze, and their wide open eyes stared straight
ahead, unseeing and unintelligent.

While examining these curious growing people,
Betsy passed behind a big central bush and at once
uttered an exclamation of surprise and pleasure.
For there, blooming in perfect color and shape,
stood a Royal Princess, whose beauty was amazing.

"Why, she's ripe!" cried Betsy, pushing aside
some of the broad leaves to observe her more
clearly.

"Well, perhaps so," admitted the Gardener,
who had come to the girl's side; "but she's a girl,
and so we can't use her for a Ruler."

"No, indeed!" came a chorus of soft voices,
and looking around Betsy discovered that all the
Roses had followed them from the greenhouse
and were now grouped before the entrance.

"You see," explained the Gardener, "the subjects
of Rose Kingdom don't want a girl Ruler. They want
a King."

"A King! We want a King!" repeated the
chorus of Roses.

"Isn't she Royal?" inquired Shaggy, admiring
the lovely Princess.

"Of course, for she grows on a Royal Bush.
This Princess is named Ozga, as she is a distant
cousin of Ozma of Oz; and, were she but a man,
we would joyfully hail her as our Ruler."

The Gardener then turned away to talk with
his Roses and Betsy whispered to her companion:
"Let's pick her, Shaggy."

"All right," said he. "If she's royal, she has
the right to rule this Kingdom, and if we pick
her she will surely protect us and prevent our
being hurt, or driven away."

So Betsy and Shaggy each took an arm of the
beautiful Rose Princess and a little twist of her
feet set her free of the branch upon which she
grew. Very gracefully she stepped down from
the bush to the ground, where she bowed low
to Betsy and Shaggy and said in a delightfully
sweet voice: "I thank you."

But at the sound of these words the Gardener and
the Roses turned and discovered that the Princess
had been picked, and was now alive. Over every
face flashed an expression of resentment and
anger, and one of the Roses cried aloud.

"Audacious mortals! What have you done?"

"Picked a Princess for you, that's all," replied
Betsy, cheerfully.

"But we won't have her! We want a King!"
exclaimed a Jacque Rose, and another added with a
voice of scorn: "No girl shall rule over us!"

The newly-picked Princess looked from one to
another of her rebellious subjects in
astonishment. A grieved look came over her
exquisite features.

"Have I no welcome here, pretty subjects?" she
asked gently. "Have I not come from my Royal Bush
to be your Ruler?"

"You were picked by mortals, without our
consent," replied the Moss Rose, coldly; "so we
refuse to allow you to rule us."

"Turn her out, Gardener, with the others!" cried
the Tea Rose.

"Just a second, please!" called Shaggy, taking
the Love Magnet from his pocket. "I guess this
will win their love, Princess. Here--take it in
your hand and let the roses see it."

Princess Ozga took the Magnet and held it
poised before the eyes of her subjects; but the
Roses regarded it with calm disdain.

"Why, what's the matter?" demanded Shaggy in
surprise. "The Magnet never failed to work
before!"

"I know," said Betsy, nodding her head wisely.
"These Roses have no hearts."

"That's it," agreed the Gardener. "They're
pretty, and sweet, and alive; but still they are
Roses. Their stems have thorns, but no hearts."

The Princess sighed and handed the Magnet
to the Shaggy Man.

"What shall I do?" she asked sorrowfully.

"Turn her out, Gardener, with the others!"
commanded the Roses. "We will have no Ruler until
a man-rose--a King--is ripe enough to pick."

"Very well," said the Gardener meekly. "You must
excuse me, my dear Shaggy, for opposing your
wishes, but you and the others, including Ozga,
must get out of Rose Kingdom immediately, if not
before."

"Don't you love me, Gardy?" asked Shaggy,
carelessly displaying the Magnet.

"I do. I dote on thee!" answered the Gardener
earnestly; "but no true man will neglect his duty
for the sake of love. My duty is to drive you out,
so--out you go!"

With this he seized a garden fork and began
jabbing it at the strangers, in order to force them
to leave. Hank the mule was not afraid of the
fork and when he got his heels near to the
Gardener the man fell back to avoid a kick.

But now the Roses crowded around the outcasts
and it was soon discovered that beneath their
draperies of green leaves were many sharp thorns
which were more dangerous than Hank's heels.
Neither Betsy nor Ozga nor Shaggy nor the mule
cared to brave those thorns and when they pressed
away from them they found themselves slowly
driven through the garden door into the
greenhouse. From there they were forced out at the
entrance and so through the territory of the
flower-strewn Rose Kingdom, which was not of very
great extent.

The Rose Princess was sobbing bitterly; Betsy
was indignant and angry; Hank uttered defiant
"Hee-haws" and the Shaggy Man whistled softly to
himself.

The boundary of the Rose Kingdom was a deep
gulf, but there was a drawbridge in one place and
this the Royal Gardener let down until the
outcasts had passed over it. Then he drew it up
again and returned with his Roses to the
greenhouse, leaving the four queerly assorted
comrades to wander into the bleak and unknown
country that lay beyond.

"I don't mind, much," remarked Shaggy, as he led
the way over the stony, barren ground. "I've got
to search for my long-lost little brother, anyhow,
so it won't matter where I go."

"Hank and I will help you find your brother,"
said Betsy in her most cheerful voice. "I'm so far
away from home now that I don't s'pose I'll ever
find my way back; and, to tell the truth, it's
more fun traveling around and having adventures
than sticking at home. Don't you think so, Hank?"

"Hee-haw!" said Hank, and the Shaggy Man thanked
them both.

"For my part," said Princess Ozga of Roseland,
with a gentle sigh, "I must remain forever exiled
from my Kingdom. So I, too, will be glad to help
the Shaggy Man find his lost brother."

"That's very kind of you, ma'am," said Shaggy.
"But unless I can find the underground cavern of
Ruggedo, the Metal Monarch, I shall never find
poor brother."


("This King was formerly named "Roquat," but after he
drank of the "Waters of Oblivion" he forgot his own name
and had to take another.)


"Doesn't anyone know where it is?" inquired
Betsy.

"Some one must know, of course," was Shaggy's
reply. "But we are not the ones. The only way to
succeed is for us to keep going until we find a
person who can direct us to Ruggedo's cavern."

"We may find it ourselves, without any help,"
suggested Betsy. "Who knows?"

"No one knows that, except the person who's
writing this story," said Shaggy. "But we won't
find anything--not even supper--unless we travel
on. Here's a path. Let's take it and see where it
leads to."




Chapter Seven

Polychrome's Pitiful Plight


The Rain King got too much water in his basin and
spilled some over the brim. That made it rain in a
certain part of the country--a real hard shower,
for a time--and sent the Rainbow scampering to the
place to show the gorgeous colors of his glorious
bow as soon as the mist of rain had passed and the
sky was clear.

The coming of the Rainbow is always a joyous
event to earth folk, yet few have ever seen it
close by. Usually the Rainbow is so far distant
that you can observe its splendid hues but dimly,
and that is why we seldom catch sight of the
dancing Daughters of the Rainbow.

In the barren country where the rain had
just fallen there appeared to be no human
beings at all; but the Rainbow appeared, just
the same, and dancing gayly upon its arch were
the Rainbow's Daughters, led by the fairylike
Polychrome, who is so dainty and beautiful that
no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness.

Polychrome was in a merry mood and danced down
the arch of the bow to the ground, daring her
sisters to follow her. Laughing and gleeful, they
also touched the ground with their twinkling feet;
but all the Daughters of the Rainbow knew that
this was a dangerous pastime, so they quickly
climbed upon their bow again.

All but Polychrome. Though the sweetest and
merriest of them all, she was likewise the most
reckless. Moreover, it was an unusual sensation to
pat the cold, damp earth with her rosy toes.
Before she realized it the bow had lifted and
disappeared in the billowy blue sky, and here was
Polychrome standing helpless upon a rock, her
gauzy draperies floating about her like brilliant
cobwebs and not a soul--fairy or mortal--to help
her regain her lost bow!

"Dear me!" she exclaimed, a frown passing across
her pretty face, "I'm caught again. This is the
second time my carelessness has left me on earth
while my sisters returned to our Sky Palaces. The
first time I enjoyed some pleasant adventures, but
this is a lonely, forsaken country and I shall be
very unhappy until my Rainbow comes again and I
can climb aboard. Let me think what is best to be
done."

She crouched low upon the flat rock, drew her
draperies about her and bowed her head.

It was in this position that Betsy Bobbin spied
Polychrome as she came along the stony path,
followed by Hank, the Princess and Shaggy. At once
the girl ran up to the radiant Daughter of the
Rainbow and exclaimed:

"Oh, what a lovely, lovely creature!"

Polychrome raised her golden head. There
were tears in her blue eyes.

"I'm the most miserable girl in the whole
world!" she sobbed.

The others gathered around her.

"Tell us your troubles, pretty one," urged the
Princess.

"I--I've lost my bow!" wailed Polychrome.

"Take me, my dear," said Shaggy Man in a
sympathetic tone, thinking she meant "beau"
instead of "bow."

"I don't want you!" cried Polychrome, stamping
her foot imperiously; "I want my Rainbow."

"Oh; that's different," said Shaggy. "But try to
forget it. When I was young I used to cry for the
Rainbow myself, but I couldn't have it. Looks as
if you couldn't have it, either; so please don't
cry."

Polychrome looked at him reproachfully.

"I don't like you," she said.

"No?" replied Shaggy, drawing the Love Magnet
from his pocket; "not a little bit?--just a wee
speck of a like?"

"Yes, yes!" said Polychrome, clasping her
hands in ecstasy as she gazed at the enchanted
talisman; "I love you, Shaggy Man!"

"Of course you do," said he calmly; "but I don't
take any credit for it. It's the Love Magnet's
powerful charm. But you seem quite alone and
friendless, little Rainbow. Don't you want to join
our party until you find your father and sisters
again?"

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"We don't just know that," said Betsy, taking
her hand; "but we're trying to find Shaggy's long-
lost brother, who has been captured by the
terrible Metal Monarch. Won't you come with us,
and help us?"

Polychrome looked from one to another of the
queer party of travelers and a bewitching smile
suddenly lighted her face.

"A donkey, a mortal maid, a Rose Princess and a
Shaggy Man!" she exclaimed. "Surely you need help,
if you intend to face Ruggedo."

"Do you know him, then?" inquired Betsy.

"No, indeed. Ruggedo's caverns are beneath the
earth's surface, where no Rainbow can ever
penetrate. But I've heard of the Metal Monarch. He
is also called the Nome King, you know, and he has
made trouble for a good many people --mortals and
fairies--in his time," said Polychrome.

"Do you fear him, then?" asked the Princess,
anxiously.

"No one can harm a Daughter of the Rainbow,"
said Polychrome proudly. "I'm a sky fairy."

"Then," said Betsy, quickly, "you will be able
to tell us the way to Ruggedo's cavern."

"No," returned Polychrome, shaking her head,
"that is one thing I cannot do. But I will gladly,,
go with you and help you search for the place."

This promise delighted all the wanderers and
after the Shaggy Man had found the path again
they began moving along it in a more happy
mood. The Rainbow's Daughter danced lightly
over the rocky trail, no longer sad, but with her
beautiful features wreathed in smiles. Shaggy
came next, walking steadily and now and then
supporting the Rose Princess, who followed him.
Betsy and Hank brought up the rear, and if she
tired with walking the girl got upon Hank's back
and let the stout little donkey carry her for
a while.

At nightfall they came to some trees that grew
beside a tiny brook and here they made camp and
rested until morning. Then away they tramped,
finding berries and fruits here and there which
satisfied the hunger of Betsy, Shaggy and Hank,
so that they were well content with their lot.

It surprised Betsy to see the Rose Princess
partake of their food, for she considered her a
fairy; but when she mentioned this to Polychrome,
the Rainbow's Daughter explained that when Ozga
was driven out of her Rose Kingdom she ceased to
be a fairy and would never again be more than a
mere mortal. Polychrome, however, was a fairy
wherever she happened to be, and if she sipped a
few dewdrops by moonlight for refreshment no one
ever saw her do it.

As they continued their wandering journey,
direction meant very little to them, for they were
hopelessly lost in this strange country. Shaggy
said it would be best to go toward the mountains,
as the natural entrance to Ruggedo's underground
cavern was likely to be hidden in some rocky,
deserted place; but mountains seemed all around
them except in the one direction that they had
come from, which led to the Rose Kingdom and the
sea. Therefore it mattered little which way they
traveled.

By and by they espied a faint trail that looked
like a path and after following this for some time
they reached a crossroads. Here were many paths,
leading in various directions, and there was a
signpost so old that there were now no words upon
the sign. At one side was an old well, with a
chain windlass for drawing water, yet there was no
house or other building anywhere in sight.

While the party halted, puzzled which way
to proceed, the mule approached the well and
tried to look into it.

"He's thirsty," said Betsy.

"It's a dry well," remarked Shaggy. "Probably
there has been no water in it for many years. But,
come; let us decide which way to travel."

No one seemed able to decide that. They sat
down in a group and tried to consider which
road might be the best to take. Hank, however,
could not keep away from the well and finally
he reared up on his hind legs, got his head over
the edge and uttered a loud "Hee-haw!" Betsy
watched her animal friend curiously.

"I wonder if he sees anything down there?" she
said.

At this, Shaggy rose and went over to the well
to investigate, and Betsy went with him. The
Princess and Polychrome, who had become fast
friends, linked arms and sauntered down one of the
roads, to find an easy path.

"Really," said Shaggy, "there does seem to
be something at the bottom of this old well."

"Can't we pull it up, and see what it is?" asked
the girl.

There was no bucket at the end of the windlass
chain, but there was a big hook that at one time
was used to hold a bucket. Shaggy let down this
hook, dragged it around on the bottom and then
pulled it up. An old hoopskirt came with it, and
Betsy laughed and threw it away. The thing
frightened Hank, who had never seen a hoopskirt
before, and he kept a good distance away from it.

Several other objects the Shaggy Man captured
with the hook and drew up, but none of these was
important.

"This well seems to have been the dump for
all the old rubbish in the country," he said,
letting down the hook once more. "I guess I've
captured everything now. No--the hook has caught
again. Help me, Betsy! Whatever this thing is,
it's heavy."

She ran up and helped him turn the windlass
and after much effort a confused mass of copper
came in sight.

"Good gracious!" exclaimed Shaggy. "Here is
a surprise, indeed!"

"What is it?" inquired Betsy, clinging to the
windlass and panting for breath.

For answer the Shaggy Man grasped the
bundle of copper and dumped it upon the
ground, free of the well. Then he turned it over
with his foot, spread it out, and to Betsy's
astonishment the thing proved to be a copper
man.

"Just as I thought," said Shaggy, looking hard
at the object. "But unless there are two copper
men in the world this is the most astonishing
thing I ever came across."

At this moment the Rainbow's Daughter and the
Rose Princess approached them, and Polychrome
said:

"What have you found, Shaggy One?"

"Either an old friend, or a stranger," he
replied.

"Oh, here's a sign on his back!" cried Betsy,
who had knelt down to examine the man. "Dear me;
how funny! Listen to this."

Then she read the following words, engraved
upon the copper plates of the man's body:

          SMITH & TINKER'S
Patent Double-Action, Extra-Responsive,
Thought-Creating, Perfect-Talking

          MECHANICAL MAN
Fitted with our Special Clockwork Attachment.
Thinks, Speaks, Acts, and Does Everything
but Live.


"Isn't he wonderful!" exclaimed the Princess.

"Yes; but here's more," said Betsy, reading
from another engraved plate:


DIRECTIONS FOR USING:

For THINKING:--Wind the Clockwork

  Man under his left arm, (marked No. 1).
For SPEAKING:--Wind  the  Clockwork
  Man under his right arm, (marked No. 2).
For WALKING and ACTION:--Wind Clockwork Man
  in the middle of his back, (marked No. 3).

N. B.--This Mechanism is guaranteed to
   work perfectly for a thousand years.


"If he's guaranteed for a thousand years," said
Polychrome, "he ought to work yet."

"Of course," replied Shaggy. "Let's wind him up."

In order to do this they were obliged to set the
copper man upon his feet, in an upright position,
and this was no easy task. He was inclined to
topple over, and had to be propped again and
again. The girls assisted Shaggy, and at last Tik-
Tok seemed to be balanced and stood alone upon his
broad feet.

"Yes," said Shaggy, looking at the copper man
carefully, "this must be, indeed, my old friend
Tik-Tok, whom I left ticking merrily in the
Land of Oz. But how he came to this lonely
place, and got into that old well, is surely a
mystery."

"If we wind him, perhaps he will tell us,"
suggested Betsy. "Here's the key, hanging to a
hook on his back. What part of him shall I wind up
first?"

"His thoughts, of course," said Polychrome,
"for it requires thought to speak or move
intelligently."

So Betsy wound him under his left arm, and
at once little flashes of light began to show in
the top of his head, which was proof that he had
begun to think.

"Now, then," said Shaggy, "wind up his
phonograph."

"What's that?" she asked.

"Why, his talking-machine. His thoughts may
be interesting, but they don't tell us anything."

So Betsy wound the copper man under his right
arm, and then from the interior of his copper body
came in jerky tones the words: "Ma-ny thanks!"

"Hurrah!" cried Shaggy, joyfully, and he slapped
Tik-Tok upon the back in such a hearty manner that
the copper man lost his balance and tumbled to the
ground in a heap. But the clock-work that enabled
him to speak had been wound up and he kept saying:
"Pick-me-up! Pick-me-up! Pick-me-up!" until they
had again raised him and balanced him upon his
feet, when he added politely: "Ma-ny thanks!"

"He won't be self-supporting until we wind
up his action," remarked Shaggy; so Betsy
wound it, as tight as she could--for the key
turned rather hard--and then Tik-Tok lifted his
feet, marched around in a circle and ended by
stopping before the group and making them all
a low bow.

"How in the world did you happen to be in
that well, when I left you safe in Oz?" inquired
Shaggy.

"It is a long sto-ry," replied Tik-Tok, "but
I'll tell it in a few words. Af-ter you had gone
in search of your broth-er, Oz-ma saw you wander-
ing in strange lands when-ev-er she looked in her
mag-ic pic-ture, and she also saw your broth-er in
the Nome King's cavern; so she sent me to tell you
where to find your broth-er and told me to help you
if I could. The Sor-cer-ess, Glin-da the Good,
trans-port-ed me to this place in the wink of an
eye; but here I met the Nome King him-self--old
Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al
Mon-arch. Rug-ge-do knew what I had come for, and
he was so an-gry that he threw me down the well.
Af-ter my works ran down I was help-less un-til you
came a-long and pulled me out a-gain. Ma-ny
thanks."

"This is, indeed, good news," said Shaggy. "I
suspected that my brother was the prisoner of
Ruggedo; but now I know it. Tell us, Tik-Tok, how
shall we get to the Nome King's underground
cavern?"

"The best way is to walk," said Tik-Tok. "We
might crawl, or jump, or roll o-ver and o-ver
until we get there; but the best way is to walk."

"I know; but which road shall we take?"

"My ma-chin-er-y is-n't made to tell that,"
replied Tik-Tok.

"There is more than one entrance to the
underground cavern," said Polychrome; "but old
Ruggedo has cleverly concealed every opening, so
that earth dwellers can not intrude in his domain.
If we find our way underground at all, it will be
by chance."

"Then," said Betsy, "let us select any road,
haphazard, and see where it leads us."

"That seems sensible," declared the Princess.
"It may require a lot of time for us to find
Ruggedo, but we have more time than anything
else."

"If you keep me wound up," said Tik-Tok, "I
will last a thou-sand years."

"Then the only question to decide is which
way to go," added Shaggy, looking first at one
road and then at another.

But while they stood hesitating, a peculiar
sound reached their ears--a sound like the
tramping of many feet.

"What's coming?" cried Betsy; and then she
ran to the left-hand road and glanced along the
path. "Why, it's an army!" she exclaimed. "What
shall we do, hide or run?"

"Stand still," commanded Shaggy. "I'm not afraid
of an army. If they prove to be friendly, they can
help us; if they are enemies, I'll show them the
Love Magnet."




Chapter Eight

Tik-Tok Tackles a Tough Task


While Shaggy and his companions stood huddled in a
group at one side, the Army of Oogaboo was
approaching along the pathway, the tramp of their
feet being now and then accompanied by a dismal
groan as one of the officers stepped on a sharp
stone or knocked his funnybone against his
neighbor's sword-handle.

Then out from among the trees marched Private
Files, bearing the banner of Oogaboo, which
fluttered from a long pole. This pole he stuck in
the ground just in front of the well and then he
cried in a loud voice.

"I hereby conquer this territory in the name of
Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo, and all the
inhabitants of the land I proclaim her slaves!"

Some of the officers now stuck their heads out
of the bushes and asked:

"Is the coast clear, Private Files?"

"There is no coast here," was the reply, "but
all's well."

"I hope there's water in it," said General Cone,
mustering courage to advance to the well; but just
then he caught a glimpse of Tik-Tok and Shaggy and
at once fell upon his knees, trembling and
frightened and cried out:

"Mercy, kind enemies! Mercy! Spare us, and
we will be your slaves forever!"

The other officers, who had now advanced into
the clearing, likewise fell upon their knees and
begged for mercy.

Files turned around and, seeing the strangers
for the first time, examined them with much
curiosity. Then, discovering that three of the
party were girls, he lifted his cap and made a
polite bow.

"What's all this?" demanded a harsh voice, as
Queen Ann reached the place and beheld her
kneeling army.

"Permit us to introduce ourselves," replied
Shaggy, stepping forward. "This is Tik-Tok, the
Clockwork Man--who works better than some meat
people. And here is Princess Ozga of Roseland,
just now unfortunately exiled from her Kingdom of
Roses. I next present Polychrome, a sky fairy, who
lost her Bow by an accident and can't find her way
home. The small girl here is Betsy Bobbin, from
some unknown earthly paradise called Oklahoma,
and with her you see Mr. Hank, a mule with a long
tail and a short temper.

"Puh!" said Ann, scornfully; "a pretty lot of
vagabonds you are, indeed; all lost or strayed,
I suppose, and not worth a Queen's plundering.
I'm sorry I've conquered you."

"But you haven't conquered us yet," called
Betsy indignantly.

"No," agreed Files, "that is a fact. But if my
officers will kindly command me to conquer you,
I will do so at once, after which we can stop
arguing and converse more at our ease."

The officers had by this time risen from their
knees and brushed the dust from their trousers. To
them the enemy did not look very fierce, so the
Generals and Colonels and Majors and Captains
gained courage to face them and began strutting in
their most haughty manner.

"You must understand," said Ann, "that I am the
Queen of Oogaboo, and this is my invincible Army.
We are busy conquering the world, and since you
seem to be a part of the world, and are
obstructing our journey, it is necessary for us to
conquer you unworthy though you may be of such
high honor."

"That's all right," replied Shaggy. "Conquer us
as often as you like. We don't mind."

"But we won't be anybody's slaves," added Betsy,
positively.

"We'll see about that," retorted the Queen,
angrily. "Advance, Private Files, and bind the
enemy hand and foot!"

But Private Files looked at pretty Betsy and
fascinating Polychrome and the beautiful Rose
Princess and shook his head.

"It would be impolite, and I won't do it," he
asserted.

"You must!" cried Ann. "It is your duty to obey
orders."

"I haven't received any orders from my
officers," objected the Private.

But the Generals now shouted: "Forward, and bind
the prisoners!" and the Colonels and Majors and
Captains repeated the command, yelling it as loud
as they could.

All this noise annoyed Hank, who had been eyeing
the Army of Oogaboo with strong disfavor. The mule
now dashed forward and began backing upon the
officers and kicking fierce and dangerous heels at
them. The attack was so sudden that the officers
scattered like dust in a whirlwind, dropping their
swords as they ran and trying to seek refuge
behind the trees and bushes.

Betsy laughed joyously at the comical rout of
the "noble army," and Polychrome danced with glee.
But Ann was furious at this ignoble defeat of her
gallant forces by one small mule.

"Private Files, I command you to do your duty!"
she cried again, and then she herself ducked to
escape the mule's heels--for Hank made no
distinction in favor of a lady who was an open
enemy. Betsy grabbed her champion by the forelock,
however, and so held him fast, and when the
officers saw that the mule was restrained from
further attacks they crept fearfully back and
picked up their discarded swords.

"Private Files, seize and bind these prisoners!"
screamed the Queen.

"No," said Files, throwing down his gun and
removing the knapsack which was strapped to his
back, "I resign my position as the Army of
Oogaboo. I enlisted to fight the enemy and become
a hero, but if you want some one to bind harmless
girls you will have to hire another Private."

Then he walked over to the others and shook
hands with Shaggy and Tik-Tok.

"Treason!" shrieked Ann, and all the officers
echoed her cry.

"Nonsense," said Files. "I've the right to
resign if I want to."

"Indeed you haven't!" retorted the Queen. "If
you resign it will break up my Army, and then I
cannot conquer the world." She now turned to the
officers and said: "I must ask you to do me a
favor. I know it is undignified in officers to
fight, but unless you immediately capture Private
Files and force him to obey my orders there will
be no plunder for any of us. Also it is likely you
will all suffer the pangs of hunger, and when we
meet a powerful foe you are liable to be captured
and made slaves."

The prospect of this awful fate so frightened
the officers that they drew their swords and
rushed upon Files, who stood beside Shaggy, in a
truly ferocious manner. The next instant, however,
they halted and again fell upon their knees; for
there, before them, was the glistening Love
Magnet, held in the hand of the smiling Shaggy
Man, and the sight of this magic talisman at once
won the heart of every Oogabooite. Even Ann saw
the Love Magnet, and forgetting all enmity and
anger threw herself upon Shaggy and embraced him
lovingly.

Quite disconcerted by this unexpected effect of
the Magnet, Shaggy disengaged himself from the
Queen's encircling arms and quickly hid the
talisman in his pocket. The adventurers from
Oogaboo were now his firm friends, and there was
no more talk about conquering and binding any of
his party.

"If you insist on conquering anyone," said
Shaggy, "you may march with me to the underground
Kingdom of Ruggedo. To conquer the world, as you
have set out to do, you must conquer everyone
under its surface as well as those upon its
surface, and no one in all the world needs
conquering so much as Ruggedo."

"Who is he?" asked Ann.

"The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes."

"Is he rich?" inquired Major Stockings in an
anxious voice.

"Of course," answered Shaggy. "He owns all
the metal that lies underground--gold, silver,
copper, brass and tin. He has an idea he also
owns all the metals above ground, for he says all
metal was once a part of his kingdom. So, by
conquering the Metal Monarch, you will win all
the riches in the world."

"Ah!" exclaimed General Apple, heaving a
deep sigh, "that would be plunder worth our
while. Let's conquer him, Your Majesty."

The Queen looked reproachfully at Files, who was
sitting next to the lovely Princess and whispering
in her ear.

"Alas," said Ann, "I have no longer an Army.
I have plenty of brave officers, indeed, but no
private soldier for them to command. Therefore
I cannot conquer Ruggedo and win all his
wealth."

"Why don't you make one of your officers the
Private?" asked Shaggy; but at once every officer
began to protest and the Queen of Oogaboo shook
her head as she replied:

"That is impossible. A private soldier must be a
terrible fighter, and my officers are unable to
fight. They are exceptionally brave in commanding
others to fight, but could not themselves meet
the enemy and conquer."

"Very true, Your Majesty," said Colonel Plum,
eagerly. "There are many kinds of bravery and one
cannot be expected to possess them all. I myself
am brave as a lion in all ways until it comes to
fighting, but then my nature revolts. Fighting is
unkind and liable to be injurious to others; so,
being a gentleman, I never fight."

"Nor I!" shouted each of the other officers.

"You see," said Ann, "how helpless I am. Had not
Private Files proved himself a traitor and a
deserter, I would gladly have conquered this
Ruggedo; but an Army without a private soldier is
like a bee without a stinger."

"I am not a traitor, Your Majesty," protested
Files. "I resigned in a proper manner, not liking
the job. But there are plenty of people to take my
place. Why not make Shaggy Man the private
soldier?"

"He might be killed," said Ann, looking tenderly
at Shaggy, "for he is mortal, and able to die. If
anything happened to him, it would break my
heart."

"It would hurt me worse than that," declared
Shaggy. "You must admit, Your Majesty, that I am
commander of this expedition, for it is my brother
we are seeking, rather than plunder. But I and my
companions would like the assistance of your Army,
and if you help us to conquer Ruggedo and to
rescue my brother from captivity we will allow you
to keep all the gold and jewels and other
plunder you may find."

This prospect was so tempting that the officers
began whispering together and presently Colonel
Cheese said: "Your Majesty, by combining our
brains we have just evolved a most brilliant idea.
We will make the Clockwork Man the private
soldier!"

"Who? Me?" asked Tik-Tok. "Not for a sin-gle
sec-ond! I can-not fight, and you must not for-get
that it was Rug-ge-do who threw me in the well."

"At that time you had no gun," said Polychrome.
"But if you join the Army of Oogaboo you will
carry the gun that Mr. Files used."

"A sol-dier must be a-ble to run as well as to
fight," protested Tik-Tok, "and if my works run
down, as they of-ten do, I could nei-ther run nor
fight."

"I'll keep you wound up, Tik-Tok," promised
Betsy.

"Why, it isn't a bad idea," said Shaggy. "Tik-
Tok will make an ideal soldier, for nothing can
injure him except a sledge hammer. And, since a
Private soldier seems to be necessary to this
Army, Tik-Tok is the only one of our party fitted
to undertake the job."

"What must I do?" asked Tik-Tok.

"Obey orders," replied Ann. "When the officers
command you to do anything, you must do
it; that is all."

"And that's enough, too," said Files.

"Do I get a salary?" inquired Tik-Tok.

"You get your share of the plunder," answered
the Queen.

"Yes," remarked Files, "one-half of the plunder
goes to Queen Ann, the other half is divided
among the officers, and the Private gets the
rest."

"That will be sat-is-fac-tor-y," said Tik-Tok,
picking up the gun and examining it wonderingly,
for he had never before seen such a weapon.

Then Ann strapped the knapsack to Tik-Tok's
copper back and said: "Now we are ready to march
to Ruggedo's Kingdom and conquer it. Officers,
give the command to march."

"Fall-in!" yelled the Generals, drawing their
swords.

"Fall-in!" cried the Colonels, drawing their
swords.

"Fall-in!" shouted the Majors, drawing their
swords.

"Fall-in!" bawled the Captains, drawing their
swords.

Tik-Tok looked at them and then around him in
surprise.

"Fall in what? The well?" he asked.

"No," said Queen Ann, "you must fall in marching
order."

"Can-not I march without fall-ing in-to it?"
asked the Clockwork Man.

"Shoulder your gun and stand ready to march,"
advised Files; so Tik-Tok held the gun straight
and stood still."

"What next?" he asked.

The Queen turned to Shaggy.

"Which road leads to the Metal Monarch's
cavern?"

"We don't know, Your Majesty," was the reply.

"But this is absurd!" said Ann with a frown.
"If we can't get to Ruggedo, it is certain that we
can't conquer him."

"You are right," admitted Shaggy; "but I did
not say we could not get to him. We have only
to discover the way, and that was the matter we

were considering when you and your magnificent
Army arrived here."

"Well, then, get busy and discover it," snapped
the Queen.

That was no easy task. They all stood looking
from one road to another in perplexity. The paths
radiated from the little clearing like the rays of
the midday sun, and each path seemed like all the
others.

Files and the Rose Princess, who had by this
time become good friends, advanced a little way
along one of the roads and found that it was
bordered by pretty wild flowers.

"Why don't you ask the flowers to tell you the
way?" he said to his companion.

"The flowers?" returned the Princess, surprised
at the question.

"Of course," said Files. "The field-flowers must
be second-cousins to a Rose Princess, and I
believe if you ask them they will tell you."

She looked more closely at the flowers. There
were hundreds of white daisies, golden buttercups,
bluebells and daffodils growing by the roadside,
and each flower-head was firmly set upon its
slender but stout stem. There were even a few wild
roses scattered here and there and perhaps it was
the sight of these that gave the Princess courage
to ask the important question.

She dropped to her knees, facing the flowers,
and extended both her arms pleadingly toward them.

"Tell me, pretty cousins," she said in her
sweet, gentle voice, "which way will lead us to
the Kingdom of Ruggedo, the Nome King?"

At once all the stems bent gracefully to the
right and the flower heads nodded once-twice-
thrice in that direction.

"That's it!" cried Files joyfully. "Now we
know the way."

Ozga rose to her feet and looked wonderingly
at the field-flowers, which had now resumed
their upright position.

"Was it the wind, do you think?" she asked
in a low whisper.

"No, indeed," replied Files. "There is not a
breath of wind stirring. But these lovely blossoms
are indeed your cousins and answered your question
at once, as I knew they would."




Chapter Nine

Ruggedo's Rage is Rash and Reckless


The way taken by the adventurers led up hill and
down dale and wound here and there in a fashion
that seemed aimless. But always it drew nearer to
a range of low mountains and Files said more than
once that he was certain the entrance to
Ruggedo's cavern would be found among these rugged
hills.

In this he was quite correct. Far underneath the
nearest mountain was a gorgeous chamber hollowed
from the solid rock, the walls and roof of which
glittered with thousands of magnificent jewels.
Here, on a throne of virgin gold, sat the famous
Nome King, dressed in splendid robes and wearing a
superb crown cut from a single blood-red ruby.

Ruggedo, the Monarch of all the Metals and
Precious Stones of the Underground World,
was a round little man with a flowing white
beard, a red face, bright eyes and a scowl that
covered all his forehead. One would think, to
look at him, that he ought to be jolly; one might
think, considering his enormous wealth, that he
ought to be happy; but this was not the case. The
Metal Monarch was surly and cross because
mortals had dug so much treasure out of the
earth and kept it above ground, where all the
power of Ruggedo and his nomes was unable to
recover it. He hated not only the mortals but
also the fairies who live upon the earth or above
it, and instead of being content with the riches
he still possessed he was unhappy because he did
not own all the gold and jewels in the world.

Ruggedo had been nodding, half asleep, in
his chair when suddenly he sat upright, uttered
a roar of rage and began pounding upon a huge
gong that stood beside him.

The sound filled the vast cavern and penetrated
to many caverns beyond, where countless thousands
of nomes were working at their unending tasks,
hammering out gold and silver and other metals, or
melting ores in great furnaces, or polishing
glittering gems. The nomes trembled at the sound
of the King's gong and whispered fearfully to one
another that something unpleasant was sure to
happen; but none dared pause in his task,

The heavy curtains of cloth-of-gold were pushed
aside and Kaliko, the King's High Chamberlain,
entered the royal presence.

"What's up, Your Majesty?" he asked, with a wide
yawn, for he had just wakened.

"Up?" roared Ruggedo, stamping his foot
viciously. "Those foolish mortals are up, that's
what! And they want to come down."

"Down here?" inquired Kaliko.

"Yes!"

"How do you know?" continued the Chamberlain,
yawning again.

"I feel it in my bones," said Ruggedo. "I can
always feel it when those hateful earth-crawlers
draw near to my Kingdom. I am positive, Kaliko,
that mortals are this very minute on their way
here to annoy me--and I hate mortals more than I do
catnip tea!"

"Well, what's to be done?" demanded the nome.

"Look through your spyglass, and see where
the invaders are," commanded the King.

So Kaliko went to a tube in the wall of rock
and put his eye to it. The tube ran from the
cavern up to the side of the mountain and turned
several curves and corners, but as it was a magic
spyglass Kaliko was able to see through it just
as easily as if it had been straight.

"Ho-hum," said he. "I see 'em, Your Majesty."

"What do they look like?" inquired the Monarch.

"That's a hard question to answer, for a queerer
assortment of creatures I never yet beheld,"
replied the nome. "However, such a collection of
curiosities may prove dangerous. There's a copper
man, worked by machinery--"

"Bah! that's only Tik-Tok," said Ruggedo.
"I'm not afraid of him. Why, only the other day
I met the fellow and threw him down a well."

"Then some one must have pulled him out again,"
said Kaliko. "And there's a little girl--"

"Dorothy?" asked Ruggedo, jumping up in fear.

"No; some other girl. In fact, there are several
girls, of various sizes; but Dorothy is not with
them, nor is Ozma."

"That's good!" exclaimed the King, sighing in
relief.

Kaliko still had his eye to the spyglass.

"I see," said he, "an army of men from Oogaboo.
They are all officers and carry swords. And there
is a Shaggy Man--who seems very harmless--and a
little donkey with big ears."

"Pooh!" cried Ruggedo, snapping his fingers
in scorn. "I've no fear of such a mob as that. A
dozen of my nomes can destroy them all in a
jiffy."

"I'm not so sure of that," said Kaliko. "The
people of Oogaboo are hard to destroy, and I
believe the Rose Princess is a fairy. As for
Polychrome, you know very well that the Rainbow's
Daughter cannot be injured by a nome."

"Polychrome! Is she among them?" asked the King.

"Yes; I have just recognized her."

"Then these people are coming here on no
peaceful errand," declared Ruggedo, scowling
fiercely. "In fact, no one ever comes here on a
peaceful errand. I hate everybody, and everybody
hates me!"

"Very true," said Kaliko.

"I must in some way prevent these people from
reaching my dominions. Where are they now?"

"Just now they are crossing the Rubber Country,
Your Majesty."

"Good! Are your magnetic rubber wires in working
order?"

"I think so," replied Kaliko. "Is it your Royal
Will that we have some fun with these invaders?"

"It is," answered Ruggedo. "I want to teach
them a lesson they will never forget."

Now, Shaggy had no idea that he was in a
Rubber Country, nor had any of his companions.
They noticed that everything around them was
of a dull gray color and that the path upon
which they walked was soft and springy, yet they
had no suspicion that the rocks and trees were
rubber and even the path they trod was made of
rubber.

Presently they came to a brook where sparkling
water dashed through a deep channel and rushed
away between high rocks far down the mountainside.
Across the brook were stepping-stones, so placed
that travelers might easily leap from one to
another and in that manner cross the water to the
farther bank.

Tik-Tok was marching ahead, followed by his
officers and Queen Ann. After them came Betsy
Bobbin and Hank, Polychrome and Shaggy, and last
of all the Rose Princess with Files. The Clockwork
Man saw the stream and the stepping stones and,
without making a pause, placed his foot upon the
first stone.

The result was astonishing. First he sank
down in the soft rubber, which then rebounded
and sent Tik-Tok soaring high in the air, where
he turned a succession of flip-flops and alighted
upon a rubber rock far in the rear of the party.

General Apple did not see Tik-Tok bound, so
quickly had he disappeared; therefore he also
stepped upon the stone (which you will guess was
connected with Kaliko's magnetic rubber wire) and
instantly shot upward like an arrow. General Cone
came next and met with a like fate, but the others
now noticed that something was wrong and with one
accord they halted the column and looked back
along the path.

There was Tik-Tok, still bounding from one
rubber rock to another, each time rising a less
distance from the ground. And there was General
Apple, bounding away in another direction, his
three-cornered hat jammed over his eyes and his
long sword thumping him upon the arms and head as
it swung this way and that. And there, also,
appeared General Cone, who had struck a rubber
rock headforemost and was so crumpled up that his
round body looked more like a bouncing-ball than
the form of a man.

Betsy laughed merrily at the strange sight and
Polychrome echoed her laughter. But Ozga was
grave and wondering, while Queen Ann became
angry at seeing the chief officers of the Army of
Oogaboo bounding around in so undignified a
manner. She shouted to them to stop, but they
were unable to obey, even though they would
have been glad to do so. Finally, however, they
all ceased bounding and managed to get upon
their feet and rejoin the Army.

"Why did you do that?" demanded Ann, who seemed
greatly provoked.

"Don't ask them why," said Shaggy earnestly. "I
knew you would ask them why, but you ought not to
do it. The reason is plain. Those stones are
rubber; therefore they are not stones. Those rocks
around us are rubber, and therefore they are not
rocks. Even this path is not a path; it's rubber.
Unless we are very careful, your Majesty, we are
all likely to get the bounce, just as your poor
officers and Tik-Tok did."

"Then let's be careful," remarked Files, who
was full of wisdom; but Polychrome wanted to
test the quality of the rubber, so she began
dancing. Every step sent her higher and higher
into the air, so that she resembled a big butterfly
fluttering lightly. Presently she made a great
bound and bounded way across the stream,
landing lightly and steadily on the other side.

"There is no rubber over here," she called to
them. "Suppose you all try to bound over the
stream, without touching the stepping-stones."

Ann and her officers were reluctant to undertake
such a risky adventure, but Betsy at once grasped
the value of the suggestion and began jumping up
and down until she found herself bounding almost
as high as Polychrome had done. Then she suddenly
leaned forward and the next bound took her easily
across the brook, where she alighted by the side
of the Rainbow's Daughter.

"Come on, Hank!" called the girl, and the
donkey tried to obey. He managed to bound
pretty high but when he tried to bound across
the stream he misjudged the distance and fell
with a splash into the middle of the water.

"Hee-haw!" he wailed, struggling toward the
far bank. Betsy rushed forward to help him out,
but when the mule stood safely beside her she
was amazed to find he was not wet at all.

"It's dry water," said Polychrome, dipping her
hand into the stream and showing how the water
fell from it and left it perfectly dry.

"In that case," returned Betsy, "they can all
walk through the water."

She called to Ozga and Shaggy to wade across,
assuring them the water was shallow and would not
wet them. At once they followed her advice,
avoiding the rubber stepping stones, and made the
crossing with ease. This encouraged the entire
party to wade through the dry water, and in a few
minutes all had assembled on the bank and renewed
their journey along the path that led to the Nome
King's dominions.

When Kaliko again looked through his magic
spyglass he exclaimed:

"Bad luck, Your Majesty! All the invaders have
passed the Rubber Country and now are fast
approaching the entrance to your caverns."

Ruggedo raved and stormed at the news and his
anger was so great that several times, as he
strode up and down his jeweled cavern, he paused
to kick Kaliko upon his shins, which were so
sensitive that the poor nome howled with pain.
Finally the King said:

"There's no help for it; we must drop these
audacious invaders down the Hollow Tube."

Kaliko gave a jump, at this, and looked at his
master wonderingly.

"If you do that, Your Majesty," he said, "you
will make Tititi-Hoochoo very angry.

"Never mind that," retorted Ruggedo. "Tititi-
Hoochoo lives on the other side of the world, so
what do I care for his anger?"

Kaliko shuddered and uttered a little groan.

"Remember his terrible powers," he pleaded, "and
remember that he warned you, the last time you
slid people through the Hollow Tube, that if you
did it again he would take vengeance upon you."

The Metal Monarch walked up and down in silence,
thinking deeply.

"Of two dangers," said he, it is wise to choose
the least. What do you suppose these invaders
want?"

"Let the Long-Eared Hearer listen to them,"
suggested Kaliko.

"Call him here at once!" commanded Ruggedo
eagerly.

So in a few minutes there entered the cavern a
nome with enormous ears, who bowed low before the
King.

"Strangers are approaching," said Ruggedo, "and
I wish to know their errand. Listen carefully to
their talk and tell me why they are coming here,
and what for."

The nome bowed again and spread out his
great ears, swaying them gently up and down
and back and forth. For half an hour he stood
silent, in an attitude of listening, while both the
King and Kaliko grew impatient at the delay. At
last the Long-Eared Hearer spoke:

"Shaggy Man is coming here to rescue his
brother from captivity," said he.

"Ha, the Ugly One!" exclaimed Ruggedo. "Well,
Shaggy Man may have his ugly brother, for all I
care. He's too lazy to work and is always getting
in my way. Where is the Ugly One now, Kaliko?"

"The last time Your Majesty stumbled over
the prisoner you commanded me to send him to
the Metal Forest, which I did. I suppose he is
still there."

"Very good. The invaders will have a hard
time finding the Metal Forest," said the King,
with a grin of malicious delight, "for half the
time I can't find it myself. Yet I created the
forest and made every tree, out of gold and
silver, so as to keep the precious metals in a
safe place and out of the reach of mortals. But
tell me, Hearer, do the strangers want anything
else?"

"Yes, indeed they do!" returned the nome. "The
Army of Oogaboo is determined to capture all the
rich metals and rare jewels in your kingdom, and
the officers and their Queen have arranged to
divide the spoils and carry them away."

When he heard this Ruggedo uttered a bellow of
rage and began dancing up and down, rolling his
eyes, clicking his teeth together and swinging his
arms furiously. Then, in an ecstasy of anger he
seized the long ears of the Hearer and pulled and
twisted them cruelly; but Kaliko grabbed up the
King's sceptre and rapped him over the knuckles
with it, so that Ruggedo let go the ears and began
to chase his Royal Chamberlain around the throne.

The Hearer took advantage of this opportunity to
slip away from the cavern and escape, and after
the King had tired himself out chasing Kaliko he
threw himself into his throne and panted for
breath, while he glared wickedly at his defiant
subject.

"You'd better save your strength to fight the
enemy," suggested Kaliko. "There will be a
terrible battle when the Army of Oogaboo gets
here."

"The Army won't get here," said the King,
still coughing and panting. "I'll drop 'em down
the Hollow Tube--every man Jack and every
girl Jill of 'em!"

"And defy Tititi-Hoochoo?" asked Kaliko.

"Yes. Go at once to my Chief Magician and
order him to turn the path toward the Hollow
Tube, and to make the tip of the Tube invisible,
so they'll all fall into it."

Kaliko went away shaking his head, for he
thought Ruggedo was making a great mistake, He
found the Magician and had the path twisted so
that it led directly to the opening of the Hollow
Tube, and this opening he made invisible.

Having obeyed the orders of his master, the
Royal Chamberlain went to his private room and
began to write letters of recommendation of
himself, stating that he was an honest man a good
servant and a small eater.

"Pretty soon," he said to himself, "I shall have
to look for another job, for it is certain that
Ruggedo has ruined himself by this reckless
defiance of the mighty Tititi-Hoochoo. And in
seeking a job nothing is so effective as a letter
of recommendation."




Chapter Ten

A Terrible Tumble Through a Tube


I suppose that Polychrome, and perhaps Queen Ann
and her Army, might have been able to dispel the
enchantment of Ruggedo's Chief Magician had they
known that danger lay in their pathway; for the
Rainbow's Daughter was a fairy and as Oogaboo is
a part of the Land of Oz its inhabitants cannot
easily be deceived by such common magic as the
Nome King could command. But no one suspected any
especial danger until after they had entered
Ruggedo's cavern, and so they were journeying
along in quite a contented manner when Tik-Tok,
who marched ahead, suddenly disappeared.

The officers thought he must have turned a
corner, so they kept on their way and all of them
likewise disappeared--one after another. Queen Ann
was rather surprised at this, and in hastening
forward to learn the reason she also vanished from
sight.

Betsy Bobbin had tired her feet by walking, so
she was now riding upon the back of the stout
little mule, facing backward and talking to Shaggy
and Polychrome, who were just behind. Suddenly
Hank pitched forward and began falling and Betsy
would have tumbled over his head had she not
grabbed the mule's shaggy neck with both arms and
held on for dear life.

All around was darkness, and they were not
falling directly downward but seemed to be sliding
along a steep incline. Hank's hoofs were resting
upon some smooth substance over which he slid with
the swiftness of the wind. Once Betsy's heels flew
up and struck a similar substance overhead. They
were, indeed, descending the "Hollow Tube" that
led to the other side of the world.

"Stop, Hank-stop!" cried the girl; but Hank
only uttered a plaintive "Hee-haw!" for it was
impossible for him to obey.

After several minutes had passed and no harm had
befallen them, Betsy gained courage. She could see
nothing at all, nor could she hear anything except
the rush of air past her ears as they plunged
downward along the Tube. Whether she and Hank were
alone, or the others were with them, she could not
tell. But had some one been able to take a
flashlight photograph of the Tube at that time a
most curious picture would have resulted. There
was Tik-Tok, flat upon his back and sliding
headforemost down the incline. And there were the
Officers of the Army of Oogaboo, all tangled up in
a confused crowd, flapping their arms and trying
to shield their faces from the clanking swords,
which swung back and forth during the swift
journey and pommeled everyone within their reach.
Now followed Queen Ann, who had struck the Tube in
a sitting position and went flying along with a
dash and abandon that thoroughly bewildered the
poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to
her. Then, a little distance away, but unseen by
the others in the inky darkness, slid Betsy and
Hank, while behind them were Shaggy and Polychrome
and finally Files and the princess.

When first they tumbled into the Tube, all were
too dazed to think clearly, but the trip was a
long one, because the cavity led straight through
the earth to a place just opposite the Nome King's
dominions, and long before the adventurers got to
the end they had begun to recover their wits.

"This is awful, Hank!" cried Betsy in a loud
voice, and Queen Ann heard her and called out:
"Are you safe, Betsy?"

"Mercy, no!" answered the little girl. "How
could anyone be safe when she's going about
sixty miles a minute?" Then, after a pause, she
added: "But where do you s'pose we're going
to, Your Maj'sty?"

"Don't ask her that, please don't!" said
Shaggy, who was not too far away to overhear
them. "And please don't ask me why, either."

"Why?" said Betsy.

"No one can tell where we are going until
we get there," replied Shaggy, and then he
yelled "Ouch!" for Polychrome had overtaken
him and was now sitting on his head.

The Rainbow's Daughter laughed merrily,
and so infectious was this joyous laugh that
Betsy echoed it and Hank said "Hee haw!" in a
mild and sympathetic tone of voice.

"I'd like to know where and when we'll arrive,
just the same," exclaimed the little girl.

"Be patient and you'll find out, my dear," said
Polychrome. "But isn't this an odd experience?
Here am I, whose home is in the skies, making
a journey through the center of the earth--where
I never expected to be!"

"How do you know we're in the center of the
earth?" asked Betsy, her voice trembling a little
through nervousness.

"Why, we can t be anywhere else," replied
Polychrome. "I have often heard of this passage,
which was once built by a Magician who was a
great traveler. He thought it would save him the
bother of going around the earth's surface, but
he tumbled through the Tube so fast that he
shot out at the other end and hit a star in the sky,
which at once exploded."

"The star exploded?" asked Betsy wonderingly.

"Yes; the Magician hit it so hard."

"And what became of the Magician?" inquired the
girl.

"No one knows that," answered Polychrome. "But I
don't think it matters much."

"It matters a good deal, if we also hit the
stars when we come out," said Queen Ann, with a
moan.

"Don't worry," advised Polychrome. "I believe
the Magician was going the other way, and probably
he went much faster than we are going."

"It's fast enough to suit me," remarked
Shaggy, gently removing Polychrome's heel
from his left eye. "Couldn't you manage to fall
all by yourself, my dear?"

"I'll try," laughed the Rainbow's Daughter.

All this time they were swiftly falling through
the Tube, and it was not so easy for them to talk
as you may imagine when you read their words. But
although they were so helpless and altogether in
the dark as to their fate, the fact that they were
able to converse at all cheered them,
considerably.

Files and Ozga were also conversing as they
clung tightly to one another, and the young
fellow bravely strove to reassure the Princess,
although he was terribly frightened, both on her
account and on his own.

An hour, under such trying circumstances, is
a very long time, and for more than an hour they
continued their fearful journey. Then, just as
they began to fear the Tube would never end,
Tik-Tok popped out into broad daylight and,
after making a graceful circle in the air, fell
with a splash into a great marble fountain.

Out came the officers, in quick succession,
tumbling heels over head and striking the
ground in many undignified attitudes.

"For the love of sassafras!" exclaimed a
Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a
garden. "What can all this mean?"

For answer, Queen Ann sailed up from the
Tube, took a ride through the air as high as the
treetops, and alighted squarely on top of the
Peculiar Person's head, smashing a jeweled
crown over his eyes and tumbling him to the
ground.

The mule was heavier and had Betsy clinging to
his back, so he did not go so high up. Fortunately
for his little rider he struck the ground upon his
four feet. Betsy was jarred a trifle but not hurt
and when she looked around her she saw the Queen
and the Peculiar Person struggling together upon
the ground, where the man was trying to choke Ann
and she had both hands in his bushy hair and was
pulling with all her might. Some of the officers,
when they got upon their feet, hastened to
separate the combatants and sought to restrain the
Peculiar Person so that he could not attack their
Queen again.

By this time, Shaggy, Polychrome, Ozga and Files
had all arrived and were curiously examining the
strange country in which they found themselves and
which they knew to be exactly on the opposite side
of the world from the place where they had fallen
into the Tube. It was a lovely place, indeed, and
seemed to be the garden of some great Prince, for
through the vistas of trees and shrubbery could be
seen the towers of an immense castle. But as yet
the only inhabitant to greet them was the Peculiar
Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the
grasp of the officers without effort and was now
trying to pull the battered crown from off his
eyes.

Shaggy, who was always polite, helped him to
do this and when the man was free and could
see again he looked at his visitors with evident
amazement.

"Well, well, well!" he exclaimed. "Where did
you come from and how did you get here?"

Betsy tried to answer him, for Queen Ann was
surly and silent.

"I can't say, exac'ly where we came from,
cause I don't know the name of the place," said
the girl, "but the way we got here was through
the Hollow Tube."

"Don't call it a 'hollow' Tube, please,"
exclaimed the Peculiar Person in an irritated tone
of voice. "If~it's a tube, it's sure to be
hollow."

"Why?" asked Betsy.

"Because all tubes are made that way. But this
Tube is private property and everyone is forbidden
to fall into it."

"We didn't do it on purpose," explained Betsy,
and Polychrome added: "I am quite sure that
Ruggedo, the Nome King, pushed us down that Tube."

"Ha! Ruggedo! Did  you say Ruggedo?" cried the
man, becoming much excited.

"That is what she said," replied Shaggy, "and I
believe she is right. We were on our way to
conquer the Nome King when suddenly we fell into
the Tube."

"Then you are enemies of Ruggedo?" inquired the
peculiar Person.

"Not exac'ly enemies," said Betsy, a little
puzzled by the question, "'cause we don't know him
at all; "but we started out to conquer him, which
isn't as friendly as it might be."

"True," agreed the man. He looked thoughtfully
from one to another of them for a while and then
he turned his head over his shoulder and said:
"Never mind the fire and pincers, my good
brothers. It will be best to take these strangers
to the Private Citizen."

"Very well, Tubekins," responded a Voice,
deep and powerful, that seemed to come out of
the air, for the speaker was invisible.

All our friends gave a jump, at this. Even
Polychrome was so startled that her gauze
draperies fluttered like a banner in a breeze.
Shaggy shook his head and sighed; Queen Ann looked
very unhappy; the officers clung to each other,
trembling violently.

But soon they gained courage to look more
closely at the Peculiar Person. As he was a type
of all the inhabitants of this extraordinary land
whom they afterward met, I will try to tell you
what he looked like.

His face was beautiful, but lacked expression.
His eyes were large and blue in color and his
teeth finely formed and white as snow. His hair
was black and bushy and seemed inclined to curl at
the ends. So far no one could find any fault with
his appearance. He wore a robe of scarlet, which
did not cover his arms and extended no lower than
his bare knees. On the bosom of the robe was
embroidered a terrible dragon's head, as horrible
to look at as the man was beautiful. His arms and
legs were left bare and the skin of one arm was
bright yellow and the skin of the other arm a
vivid green. He had one blue leg and one pink one,
while both his feet--which showed through the open
sandals he wore--were jet black.

Betsy could not decide whether these gorgeous
colors were dyes or the natural tints of the skin,
but while she was thinking it over the man who
had been called "Tubekins" said:

"Follow me to the Residence--all of you!"

But just then a Voice exclaimed: "Here's another
of them, Tubekins, lying in the water of the
fountain."

"Gracious!" cried Betsy; "it must be Tik-Tok,
and he'll drown."

"Water is a bad thing for his clockworks,
anyway," agreed Shaggy, as with one accord they
all started for the fountain. But before they
could reach it, invisible hands raised Tik-Tok
from the marble basin and set him upon his feet
beside it, water dripping from every joint of his
copper body.

"Ma-ny tha-tha-tha-thanks!" he said; and
then his copper jaws clicked together and he
could say no more. He next made an attempt to
walk but after several awkward trials found he
could not move his joints.

Peals of jeering laughter from persons unseen
greeted Tik-Tok's failure, and the new arrivals in
this strange land found it very uncomfortable to
realize that there were many creatures around them
who were invisible, yet could be heard plainly.

"Shall I wind him up?" asked Betsy, feeling very
sorry for Tik-Tok.

"I think his machinery is wound; but he needs
oiling," replied Shaggy.

At once an oil-can appeared before him, held
on a level with his eyes by some unseen hand.
Shaggy took the can and tried to oil Tik-Tok's
joints. As if to assist him, a strong current of
warm air was directed against the copper man
which quickly dried him. Soon he was able to
say "Ma-ny thanks!" quite smoothly and his
joints worked fairly well.

"Come!" commanded Tubekins, and turning his back
upon them he walked up the path toward the castle.

"Shall we go?" asked Queen Ann, uncertainly; but
just then she received a shove that almost pitched
her forward on her head; so she decided to go. The
officers who hesitated received several energetic
kicks, but could not see who delivered them;
therefore they also decided--very wisely--to go.
The others followed willingly enough, for unless
they ventured upon another terrible journey
through the Tube they must make the best of the
unknown country they were in, and the best seemed
to be to obey orders.




Chapter Eleven

The Famous Fellowship of Fairies


After a short walk through very beautiful gardens
they came to the castle and followed Tubekins
through the entrance and into a great domed
chamber, where he commanded them to be seated.

From the crown which he wore, Betsy had thought
this man must be the King of the country they were
in, yet after he had seated all the strangers upon
benches that were ranged in a semicircle before a
high throne, Tubekins bowed humbly before the
vacant throne and in a flash became invisible and
disappeared.

The hall was an immense place, but there seemed
to be no one in it beside themselves. Presently,
however, they heard a low cough near them, and
here and there was the faint rustling of a robe
and a slight patter as of footsteps. Then suddenly
there rang out the clear tone of a bell and at the
sound all was changed.

Gazing around the hall in bewilderment they saw
that it was filled with hundreds of men and women,
all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and
all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon
their heads. In fact, these people seemed exact
duplicates of Tubekins and it was difficult to
find any mark by which to tell them apart.

"My! what a lot of Kings and Queens!" whispered
Betsy to Polychrome, who sat beside her and
appeared much interested in the scene but not a
bit worried.

"It is certainly a strange sight," was
Polychrome's reply; "but I cannot see how there
can be more than one King, or Queen, in any one
country, for were these all rulers, no one could
tell who was Master."

One of the Kings who stood near and overheard
this remark turned to her and said: "One who is
Master of himself is always a King, if only to
himself. In this favored land all Kings and Queens
are equal, and it is our privilege to bow before
one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen."

"Who's he?" inquired Betsy.

As if to answer her, the clear tones of the bell
again rang out and instantly there appeared
seated in the throne the man who was lord and
master of all these royal ones. This fact was
evident when with one accord they fell upon their
knees and touched their foreheads to the floor.

The Private Citizen was not unlike the others,
except that his eyes were black instead of blue
and in the centers of the black irises glowed red
sparks that seemed like coals of fire. But his
features were very beautiful and dignified and
his manner composed and stately. Instead of the
prevalent scarlet robe, he wore one of white,
and the same dragon's head that decorated the
others was embroidered upon its bosom.

"What charge lies against these people,
Tubekins?" he asked in quiet, even tones.

"They came through the forbidden Tube, O Mighty
Citizen," was the reply.

"You see, it was this way," said. Betsy. "We
were marching to the Nome King, to conquer him and
set Shaggy's brother free, when on a sudden--"

"Who are you?" demanded the Private Citizen
sternly.

"Me? Oh, I'm Betsy Bobbin, and--"

"Who is the leader of this party?" asked the
Citizen.

"Sir, I am Queen Ann of Oogaboo, and--"

"Then keep quiet," said the Citizen. "Who is the
leader?"

No one answered for a moment. Then General Bunn
stood up.

"Sit down!" commanded the Citizen. "I can see
that sixteen of you are merely officers, and of no
account."

"But we have an Army," said General Clock,
blusteringly, for he didn't like to be told he was
of no account.

"Where is your Army?" asked the Citizen.

"It's me," said Tik-Tok, his voice sounding a
little rusty. "I'm the on-ly Pri-vate Sol-dier in
the par-ty."

Hearing this, the Citizen rose and bowed
respectfully to the Clockwork Man.

"Pardon me for not realizing your importance
before," said he. "Will you oblige me by taking
a seat beside me on my throne?"

Tik-Tok rose and walked over to the throne, all
the Kings and Queens making way for him. Then with
clanking steps he mounted the platform and sat on
the broad seat beside the Citizen.

Ann was greatly provoked at this mark of favor
shown to the humble Clockwork Man, but Shaggy
seemed much pleased that his old friend's
importance had been recognized by the ruler of
this remarkable country. The Citizen now began to
question Tik-Tok, who told in his mechanical voice
about Shaggy's quest of his lost brother, and how
Ozma of Oz had sent the Clockwork Man to assist
him, and how they had fallen in with Queen Ann and
her people from Oogaboo. Also he told how Betsy
and Hank and Polychrome and the Rose Princess had
happened to join their party.

"And you intended to conquer Ruggedo, the Metal
Monarch and King of the Nomes?" asked the Citizen.

"Yes. That seemed the on-ly thing for us to do,"
was Tik-Tok's reply. "But he was too cle-ver for
us. When we got close to his cav-ern he made our
path lead to the Tube, and made the op-en-ing in-
vis-i-ble, so that we all fell in-to it be-fore we
knew it was there. It was an eas-y way to get rid
of us and now Rug-gedo is safe and we are far a-
way in a strange land."

The Citizen was silent a moment and seemed to be
thinking. Then he said:

"Most noble Private Soldier, I must inform you
that by the laws of our country anyone who comes
through the Forbidden Tube must be tortured for
nine days and ten nights and then thrown back into
the Tube. But it is wise to disregard laws when
they conflict with justice, and it seems that you
and your followers did not disobey our laws
willingly, being forced into the Tube by Ruggedo.
Therefore the Nome King is alone to blame, and he
alone must be punished."

"That suits me," said Tik-Tok. "But Rug-ge-do
is on the o-ther side of the world where he is
a-way out of your reach."

The Citizen drew himself up proudly.

"Do you imagine anything in the world or upon it
can be out of the reach of the Great Jinjin?" he
asked.

"Oh! Are you, then, the Great Jinjin?" inquired
Tik-Tok.

"I am."

"Then your name is Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo?"

"It is."

Queen Ann gave a scream and began to tremble.
Shaggy was so disturbed that he took out a
handkerchief and wiped the perspiration from his
brow. Polychrome looked sober and uneasy for the
first time, while Files put his arms around the
Rose Princess as if to protect her. As for the
officers, the name of the great Jinjin set them
moaning and weeping at a great rate and every one
fell upon his knees before the throne, begging for
mercy. Betsy was worried at seeing her companions
so disturbed, but did not know what it was all
about. Only Tik-Tok was unmoved at the discovery.

"Then," said he, "if you are Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo,
and think Rug-ge-do is to blame, I am sure that
some-thing queer will hap-pen to the King of the
Nomes."

"I wonder what 'twill be," said Betsy.

The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-
Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin--looked at the little
girl steadily.

"I will presently decide what is to happen to
Ruggedo," said he in a hard, stern voice. Then,
turning to the throng of Kings and Queens, he
continued: "Tik-Tok has spoken truly, for his
machinery will not allow him to lie, nor will it
allow his thoughts to think falsely. Therefore
these people are not our enemies and must be
treated with consideration and justice. Take them
to your palaces and entertain them as guests until
to-morrow, when I command that they be brought
again to my Residence. By then I shall have formed
my plans."

No sooner had Tititi-Hoochoo spoken than he
disappeared from sight. Immediately after, most of
the Kings and Queens likewise disappeared. But
several of them remained visible and approached
the strangers with great respect. One of the
lovely Queens said to Betsy:

"I trust you will honor me by being my guest. I
am Erma, Queen of Light."

"May Hank come with me?" asked the girl.

"The King of Animals will care for your mule,"
was the reply. "But do not fear for him, for he
will be treated royally. All of your party will be
reunited on the morrow."

"I--I'd like to have some one with me," said
Betsy, pleadingly.

Queen Erma looked around and smiled upon
Polychrome.

"Will the Rainbow's Daughter be an agreeable
companion?" she asked.

"Oh, yes!" exclaimed the girl.

So Polychrome and Betsy became guests of the
Queen of Light, while other beautiful Kings and
Queens took charge of the others of the party.

The two girls followed Erma out of the hall
and through the gardens of the Residence to a
village of pretty dwellings. None of these was so
large or imposing as the castle of the Private
Citizen, but all were handsome enough to be
called palaces--as, in fact, they really were.




Chapter Twelve

The Lovely Lady of Light


The palace of the Queen of Light stood on a little
eminence and was a mass of crystal windows,
surmounted by a vast crystal dome. When they
entered the portals Erma was greeted by six lovely
maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once
aroused Betsy's admiration. Each bore a wand in
her hand, tipped with an emblem of light, and
their costumes were also emblematic of the lights
they represented. Erma introduced them to her
guests and each made a graceful and courteous
acknowledgment.

First was Sunlight, radiantly beautiful and very
fair; the second was Moonlight, a soft, dreamy
damsel with nut-brown hair; next came Starlight,
equally lovely but inclined to be retiring and
shy. These three were dressed in shimmering robes
of silvery white. The fourth was Daylight, a
brilliant damsel with laughing eyes and frank
manners, who wore a variety of colors. Then came
Firelight, clothed in a fleecy flame-colored robe
that wavered around her shapely form in a very
attractive manner. The sixth maiden, Electra, was
the most beautiful of all, and Betsy thought from
the first that both Sunlight and Daylight regarded
Electra with envy and were a little jealous of
her.

But all were cordial in their greetings to the
strangers and seemed to regard the Queen of Light
with much affection, for they fluttered around her
in a flashing, radiant group as she led the way to
her regal drawing-room.

This apartment was richly and cosily furnished,
the upholstery being of many tints, and both Betsy
and Polychrome enjoyed resting themselves upon the
downy divans after their strenuous adventures of
the day.

The Queen sat down to chat with her guests, who
noticed that Daylight was the only maiden now
seated beside Erma. The others had retired to
another part of the room, where they sat modestly
with entwined arms and did not intrude themselves
at all.

The Queen told the strangers all about this
beautiful land, which is one of the chief
residences of fairies who minister to the needs of
mankind. So many important fairies lived there
that, to avoid rivalry, they had elected as their
Ruler the only important personage in the country
who had no duties to mankind to perform and was,
in effect, a Private Citizen. This Ruler, or
Jinjin, as was his title, bore the name of Tititi-
Hoochoo, and the most singular thing about him was
that he had no heart. But instead of this he
possessed a high degree of Reason and Justice and
while he showed no mercy in his judgments he never
punished unjustly or without reason. To wrong-
doers Tititi-Hoochoo was as terrible as he was
heartless, but those who were innocent of evil had
nothing to fear from him.

All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland paid
reverence to Jinjin, for as they expected to be
obeyed by others they were willing to obey the one
in authority over them.

The inhabitants of the Land of Oz had heard many
tales of this fearfully just Jinjin, whose
punishments were always equal to the faults
committed. Polychrome also knew of him, although
this was the first time she had ever seen him face
to face. But to Betsy the story was all new, and
she was greatly interested in Tititi-Hoochoo, whom
she no longer feared.

Time sped swiftly during their talk and suddenly
Betsy noticed that Moonlight was sitting beside
the Queen of Light, instead of Daylight.

"But tell me, please," she pleaded, "why do you
all wear a dragon's head embroidered on your
gowns?"

Erma's pleasant face became grave as she
answered:

"The Dragon, as you must know, was the first
living creature ever made; therefore the Dragon is
the oldest and wisest of living things. By good
fortune the Original Dragon, who still lives, is a
resident of this land and supplies us with wisdom
whenever we are in need of it. He is old as the
world and remembers everything that has happened
since the world was created."

"Did he ever have any children?" inquired the
girl.

"Yes, many of them. Some wandered into other
lands, where men, not understanding them, made war
upon them; but many still reside in this country.
None, however, is as wise as the Original Dragon,
for whom we have great respect. As he was the
first resident here, we wear the emblem of the
dragon's head to show that we are the favored
people who alone have the right to inhabit this
fairyland, which in beauty almost equals the
Fairyland of Oz, and in power quite surpasses it.

"I understand about the dragon, now," said
Polychrome, nodding her lovely head. Betsy did not
quite understand, but she was at present
interested in observing the changing lights. As
Daylight had given way to Moonlight, so now
Starlight sat at the right hand of Erma the Queen,
and with her coming a spirit of peace and content
seemed to fill the room. Polychrome, being
herself a fairy, had many questions to ask about
the various Kings and Queens who lived in this
far-away, secluded place, and before Erma had
finished answering them a rosy glow filled the
room and Firelight took her place beside the
Queen.

Betsy liked Firelight, but to gaze upon her warm
and glowing features made the little girl sleepy,
and presently she began to nod. There-upon Erma
rose and took Betsy's hand gently in her own.

"Come," said she, "the feast time has arrived
and the feast is spread."

"That's nice," exclaimed the small mortal.
"Now that I think of it, I'm awful hungry. But
p'raps I can't eat your fairy food."

The Queen smiled and led her to a doorway. As
she pushed aside a heavy drapery a flood of
silvery light greeted them, and Betsy saw before
her a splendid banquet hall, with a table spread
with snowy linen and crystal and silver. At one
side was a broad, throne-like seat for Erma and
beside her now sat the brilliant maid Electra.
Polychrome was placed on the Queen's right hand
and Betsy upon her left. The other five messengers
of light now waited upon them, and each person was
supplied with just the food she liked best.
Polychrome found her dish of dewdrops, all fresh
and sparkling, while Betsy was so lavishly served
that she decided she had never in her life eaten a
dinner half so good.

"I s'pose," she said to the Queen, "that Miss
Electra is the youngest of all these girls."

"Why do you suppose that?" inquired Erma, with a
smile.

"'Cause electric'ty is the newest light we
know of. Didn't Mr. Edison discover it?"

"Perhaps he was the first mortal to discover
it," replied the Queen. "But electricity was a
part of the world from its creation, and therefore
my Electra is as old as Daylight or Moonlight,
and equally beneficent to mortals and fairies
alike."

Betsy was thoughtful for a time. Then she
remarked, as she looked at the six messengers of
light:

"We couldn't very well do without any of
'em; could we?"

Erma laughed softly. "I couldn't, I'm sure, she
replied, "and I think mortals would miss any one
of my maidens, as well. Daylight cannot take the
place of Sunlight, which gives us strength and
energy. Moonlight is of value when Daylight, worn
out with her long watch, retires to rest. If the
moon in its course is hidden behind the earth's
rim, and my sweet Moonlight cannot cheer us,
Starlight takes her place, for the skies always
lend her power. Without Firelight we should miss
much of our warmth and comfort, as well as much
cheer when the walls of houses encompass us. But
always, when other lights forsake us, our glorious
Electra is ready to flood us with bright rays. As
Queen of Light, I love all my maidens, for I know
them to be faithful and true."

"I love 'em too!" declared Betsy. "But
sometimes, when I'm real sleepy, I can get along
without any light at all."

"Are you sleepy now?" inquired Erma, for the
feast had ended.

"A little," admitted the girl.

So Electra showed her to a pretty chamber where
there was a soft, white bed, and waited patiently
until Betsy had undressed and put on a shimmery
silken nightrobe that lay beside her pillow. Then
the light-maid bade her good night and opened the
door.

When she closed it after her Betsy was in
darkness. In six winks the little girl was fast
asleep.




Chapter Thirteen

The Jinjin's Just Judgment


All the adventurers were reunited next morning
when they were brought from various palaces to the
Residence of Tititi-Hoochoo and ushered into the
great Hall of State.

As before, no one was visible except our friends
and their escorts until the first bell sounded.
Then in a flash the room was seen to be filled
with the beautiful Kings and Queens of the land.
The second bell marked the appearance in the
throne of the mighty Jinjin, whose handsome
countenance was as composed and expressionless as
ever.

All bowed low to the Ruler. Their voices softly
murmured: "We greet the Private Citizen, mightiest
of Rulers, whose word is Law and whose Law is
just."

Tititi-Hoochoo bowed in acknowledgment.
Then, looking around the brilliant assemblage,
and at the little group of adventurers before him,
he said:

"An unusual thing has happened. Inhabitants of
other lands than ours, who are different from
ourselves in many ways, have been thrust upon us
through the Forbidden Tube, which one of our
people foolishly made years ago and was properly
punished for his folly. But these strangers had no
desire to come here and were wickedly thrust into
the Tube by a cruel King on the other side of the
world, named Ruggedo. This King is an immortal,
but he is not good. His magic powers hurt mankind
more than they benefit them. Because he had
unjustly kept the Shaggy Man's brother a prisoner,
this little band of honest people, consisting of
both mortals and immortals, determined to conquer
Ruggedo and to punish him. Fearing they might
succeed in this, the Nome King misled them so that
they fell into the Tube.

"Now, this same Ruggedo has been warned by me,
many times, that if ever he used this Forbidden
Tube in any way he would be severely punished. I
find, by referring to the Fairy Records, that this
King's servant, a nome named Kaliko, begged his
master not to do such a wrong act as to drop these
people into the Tube and send them tumbling into
our country. But Ruggedo defied me and my orders.

"Therefore these strangers are innocent of any
wrong. It is only Ruggedo who deserves punishment,
and I will punish him." He paused a moment and
then continued in the same cold, merciless voice:

"These strangers must return through the Tube to
their own side of the world; but I will make their
fall more easy and pleasant than it was before.
Also I shall send with them an Instrument of
Vengeance, who in my name will drive Ruggedo from
his underground caverns, take away his magic
powers and make him a homeless wanderer on the
face of the earth--a place he detests."

There was a little murmur of horror from the
Kings and Queens at the severity of this
punishment, but no one uttered a protest, for all
realized that the sentence was just.

"In selecting my Instrument of Vengeance," went
on Tititi-Hoochoo, "I have realized that this will
be an unpleasant mission. Therefore no one of us
who is blameless should be forced to undertake it.
In this wonderful land it is seldom one is guilty
of wrong, even in the slightest degree, and on
examining the Records I found no King or Queen had
erred. Nor had any among their followers or
servants done any wrong. But finally I came to the
Dragon Family, which we highly respect, and then
it was that I discovered the error of Quox.

"Quox, as you well know, is a young dragon who
has not yet acquired the wisdom of his race.
Because of this lack, he has been disrespectful
toward his most ancient ancestor, the Original
Dragon, telling him once to mind his own business
and again saying that the Ancient One had grown
foolish with age. We are aware that dragons are
not the same as fairies and cannot be altogether
guided by our laws, yet such disrespect as Quox
has shown should not be unnoticed by us. Therefore
I have selected Quox as my royal Instrument of
Vengeance and he shall go through the Tube with
these people and inflict upon Ruggedo the
punishment I have decreed."

All had listened quietly to this speech and now
the Kings and Queens bowed gravely to signify
their approval of the Jinjin's judgment.

Tititi-Hoochoo turned to Tubekins.

"I command you," said he, "to escort these
strangers to the Tube and see that they all enter
it."

The King of the Tube, who had first discovered
our friends and brought them to the Private
Citizen, stepped forward and bowed. As he did so,
the Jinjin and all the Kings and Queens suddenly
disappeared and only Tubekins remained visible.

"All right," said Betsy, with a sigh; "I don't
mind going back so very much, 'cause the Jinjin
promised to make it easy for us."

Indeed, Queen Ann and her officers were the only
ones who looked solemn and seemed to fear the
return journey. One thing that bothered Ann was
her failure to conquer this land of Tititi-
Hoochoo. As they followed their guide through the
gardens to the mouth of the Tube she said to
Shaggy:

"How can I conquer the world, if I go away
and leave this rich country unconquered?"

"You can't," he replied. "Don't ask me why,
please, for if you don't know I can't inform
you."

"Why not?" said Ann; but Shaggy paid no
attention to the question.

This end of the Tube had a silver rim and around
it was a gold railing to which was attached a sign
that read.

"IF YOU ARE OUT, STAY THERE.
IF YOU ARE IN, DON'T COME OUT."


On a little silver plate just inside the Tube
was engraved the words:


"Burrowed and built by
Hiergargo the Magician,
In the Year of the World
1 9 6 2 5 4 7 8
For his own exclusive uses."


"He was some builder, I must say," remarked
Betsy, when she had read the inscription; "but
if he had known about that star I guess he'd
have spent his time playing solitaire."

"Well, what are we waiting for?" inquired
Shaggy, who was impatient to start.

"Quox," replied Tubekins. "But I think I hear
him coming."

"Is the young dragon invisible?" asked Ann,
who had never seen a live dragon and was a little
fearful of meeting one.

"No, indeed," replied the King of the Tube.
"You'll see him in a minute; but before you part
company I'm sure you'll wish he was invisible."

"Is he dangerous, then?" questioned Files.

"Not at all. But Quox tires me dreadfully," said
Tubekins, "and I prefer his room to his company.

At that instant a scraping sound was heard,
drawing nearer and nearer until from between
two big bushes appeared a huge dragon, who
approached the party, nodded his head and said:
"Good morning."

Had Quox been at all bashful I am sure he would
have felt uncomfortable at the astonished stare of
every eye in the group--except Tubekins, of
course, who was not astonished because he had seen
Quox so often.

Betsy had thought a "young" dragon must be a
small dragon, yet here was one so enormous that
the girl decided he must be full grown, if not
overgrown. His body was a lovely sky-blue in color
and it was thickly set with glittering silver
scales, each one as big as a serving-tray. Around
his neck was a pink ribbon with a bow just under
his left ear, and below the ribbon appeared a
chain of pearls to which was attached a golden
locket about as large around as the end of a bass
drum. This locket was set with many large and
beautiful jewels.

The head and face of Quox were not especially
ugly, when you consider that he was a dragon; but
his eyes were so large that it took him a long
time to wink and his teeth seemed very sharp and
terrible when they showed, which they did whenever
the beast smiled. Also his nostrils were quite
large and wide, and those who stood near him were
liable to smell brimstone--especially when he
breathed out fire, as it is the nature of dragons
to do. To the end of his long tail was attached a
big electric light.

Perhaps the most singular thing about the
dragon's appearance at this time was the fact that
he had a row of seats attached to his back, one
seat for each member of the party. These seats
were double, with curved backs, so that two
could sit in them, and there were twelve of these
double seats, all strapped firmly around the
dragon's thick body and placed one behind the
other, in a row that extended from his shoulders
nearly to his tail.

"Aha!" exclaimed Tubekins; "I see that Tititi-
Hoochoo has transformed Quox into a carryall."

"I'm glad of that," said Betsy. "I hope, Mr.
Dragon, you won't mind our riding on your back."

"Not a bit," replied Quox. "I'm in disgrace just
now, you know, and the only way to redeem my good
name is to obey the orders of the Jinjin. If he
makes me a beast of burden, it is only a part of
my punishment, and I must bear it like a dragon. I
don't blame you people at all, and I hope you'll
enjoy the ride. Hop on, please. All aboard for the
other side of the world!"

Silently they took their places. Hank sat in the
front seat with Betsy, so that he could rest his
front hoofs upon the dragon's head. Behind them
were Shaggy and Polychrome, then Files and the
Princess, and Queen Ann and Tik-Tok. The officers
rode in the rear seats. When all had mounted to
their places the dragon looked very like one of
those sightseeing wagons so common in big cities--
only he had legs instead of wheels.

"All ready?" asked Quox, and when they said they
were he crawled to the mouth of the Tube and put
his head in.

"Good-bye, and good luck to you!" called
Tubekins; but no one thought to reply, because
just then the dragon slid his great body into the
Tube and the journey to the other side of the
world had begun.

At first they went so fast that they could
scarcely catch their breaths, but presently Quox
slowed up and said with a sort of cackling laugh:

"My scales! but that is some tumble. I think I
shall take it easy and fall slower, or I'm likely to
get dizzy. Is it very far to the other side of the
world?"

"Haven't you ever been through this Tube
before?" inquired Shaggy.

"Never. Nor has anyone else in our country;
at least, not since I was born."

"How long ago was that?" asked Betsy.

"That I was born? Oh, not very long ago.
I'm only a mere child. If I had not been sent on
this journey, I would have celebrated my three
thousand and fifty-sixth birthday next Thursday.
Mother was going to make me a birthday cake
with three thousand and fifty-six candles on it;
but now, of course, there will be no celebration,
for I fear I shall not get home in time for it."

"Three thousand and fifty-six years!" cried
Betsy. "Why, I had no idea anything could live
that long!"

"My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a
stupid old humbug if I had not reformed, is so old
that I am a mere baby compared with him," said
Quox. "He dates from the beginning of the world,
and insists on telling us stories of things that
happened fifty thousand years ago, which are of no
interest at all to youngsters like me. In fact,
Grandpa isn't up to date. He lives altogether in
the past, so I can't see any good reason for his
being alive to-day.... Are you people able to see
your way, or shall I turn on more light?"

"Oh, we can see very nicely, thank you; only
there's nothing to see but ourselves," answered
Betsy.

This was true. The dragon's big eyes were like
headlights on an automobile and illuminated the
Tube far ahead of them. Also he curled his tail
upward so that the electric light on the end of it
enabled them to see one another quite clearly. But
the Tube itself was only dark metal, smooth as
glass but exactly the same from one of its ends to
the other. Therefore there was no scenery of
interest to beguile the journey.

They were now falling so gently that the trip
was proving entirely comfortable, as the Jinjin
had promised it would be; but this meant a
longer journey and the only way they could
make time pass was to engage in conversation.
The dragon seemed a willing and persistent
talker and he was of so much interest to them
that they encouraged him to chatter. His voice
was a little gruff but not unpleasant when one
became used to it.

"My only fear," said he presently, "is that this
constant sliding over the surface of the Tube will
dull my claws. You see, this hole isn't straight
down, but on a steep slant, and so instead of
tumbling freely through the air I must skate along
the Tube. Fortunately, there is a file in my tool-
kit, and if my claws get dull they can be
sharpened again."

"Why do you want sharp claws?" asked Betsy.

"They are my natural weapons, and you must not
forget that I have been sent to conquer Ruggedo."

"Oh, you needn't mind about that," remarked
Queen Ann, in her most haughty manner; "for when
we get to Ruggedo I and my invincible Army can
conquer him without your assistance."

"Very good," returned the dragon, cheerfully.
"That will save me a lot of bother--if you
succeed. But I think I shall file my claws, just
the same."

He gave a long sigh, as he said this, and a
sheet of flame, several feet in length, shot from
his mouth. Betsy shuddered and Hank said
"Hee-haw!" while some of the officers screamed
in terror. But the dragon did not notice that he
had done anything unusual.

"Is there fire inside of you?" asked Shaggy.

"Of course," answered Quox. "What sort of a
dragon would I be if my fire went out?"

"What keeps it going?" Betsy inquired.

"I've no idea. I only know it's there," said
Quox. "The fire keeps me alive and enables me
to move; also to think and speak."

"Ah! You are ver-y much like my-self," said
Tik-Tok. "The on-ly dif-fer-ence is that I move
by clock-work, while you move by fire."

"I don't see a particle of likeness between us,
I must confess," retorted Quox, gruffly. "You are
not a live thing; you're a dummy."

"But I can do things, you must ad-mit," said
Tik-Tok.

"Yes, when you are wound up," sneered the
dragon. "But if you run down, you are helpless."

"What would happen to you, Quox, if you ran
out of gasoline?" inquired Shaggy, who did not
like this attack upon his friend.

"I don't use gasoline."

"Well, suppose you ran out of fire."

"What's the use of supposing that?" asked
Quox.  "My great-great-great-grandfather has
lived since the world began, and he has never
once run out of fire to keep him going. But I
will confide to you that as he gets older he shows
more smoke and less fire. As for Tik-Tok, he's
well enough in his way, but he's merely copper.
And the Metal Monarch knows copper through
and through. I wouldn't be surprised if Ruggedo
melted Tik-Tok in one of his furnaces and made
copper pennies of him."

"In that case, I would still keep going,"
remarked Tik-Tok, calmly.

"Pennies do," said Betsy regretfully.

"This is all nonsense," said the Queen, with
irritation. "Tik-Tok is my great Army--all but the
officers--and I believe he will be able to conquer
Ruggedo with ease. What do you think, Polychrome?"

"You might let him try," answered the Rainbow's
Daughter, with her sweet ringing laugh, that
sounded like the tinkling of tiny bells. "And if
Tik-Tok fails, you have still the big fire-
breathing dragon to fall back on."

"Ah!" said the dragon, another sheet of flame
gushing from his mouth and nostrils; "it's a wise
little girl, this Polychrome. Anyone would know
she is a fairy."





Chapter Fourteen

The Long-Eared Hearer Learns by Listening


During this time Ruggedo, the Metal Monarch and
King of the Nomes, was trying to amuse himself in
his splendid jeweled cavern. It was hard work for
Ruggedo to find amusement to day, for all the
nomes were behaving well and there was no one to
scold or to punish. The King had thrown his
sceptre at Kaliko six times, without hitting him
once. Not that Kaliko had done anything wrong. On
the contrary, he had obeyed the King in every way
but one: he would not stand still, when commanded
to do so, and let the heavy sceptre strike him.

We can hardly blame Kaliko for this, and even
the cruel Ruggedo forgave him; for he knew very
well that if he mashed his Royal Chamberlain he
could never find another so intelligent and
obedient. Kaliko could make the nomes work when
their King could not, for the nomes hated Ruggedo
and there were so many thousands of the quaint
little underground people that they could easily
have rebelled and defied the King had they dared
to do so. Sometimes, when Ruggedo abused them
worse than usual, they grew sullen and threw down
their hammers and picks. Then, however hard the
King scolded or whipped them, they would not work
until Kaliko came and begged them to. For Kaliko
was one of themselves and was as much abused by
the King as any nome in the vast series of
caverns.

But today all the little people were working
industriously at their tasks and Ruggedo, having
nothing to do, was greatly bored. He sent for the
Long-Eared Hearer and asked him to listen
carefully and report what was going on in the big
world.

"It seems," said the Hearer, after listening for
awhile, "that the women in America have clubs."

"Are there spikes in them?" asked Ruggedo,
yawning.

"I cannot hear any spikes, Your Majesty," was
the reply.

"Then their clubs are not as, good as my
sceptre. What else do you hear?'

"There's a war.

"Bah! there's always a war. What else?"

For a time the Hearer was silent, bending
forward and spreading out his big ears to catch
the slightest sound. Then suddenly he said:

"Here is an interesting thing, Your Majesty.
These people are arguing as to who shall conquer
the Metal Monarch, seize his treasure and drive
him from his dominions."

"What people?" demanded Ruggedo, sitting
up straight in his throne.

"The ones you threw down the Hollow Tube."

"Where are they now?"

"In the same Tube, and coming back this way,"
said the Hearer.

Ruggedo got out of his throne and began to
pace up and down the cavern.

"I wonder what can be done to stop them,"
he mused.

"Well," said the Hearer, "if you could turn
the Tube upside down, they would be falling
the other way, Your Majesty."

Ruggedo glared at him wickedly, for it was
impossible to turn the Tube upside down and
he believed the Hearer was slyly poking fun
at him. Presently he asked:

"How far away are those people now?"

"About nine thousand three hundred and six
miles, seventeen furlongs, eight feet and four
inches--as nearly as I can judge from the sound
of their voices," replied the Hearer.

"Aha! Then it will be some time before they
arrive," said Ruggedo, "and when they get here
I shall be ready to receive them.

He rushed to his gong and pounded upon it so
fiercely that Kaliko came bounding into the cavern
with one shoe off and one shoe on, for he was just
dressing himself after a swim in the hot bubbling
lake of the Underground Kingdom.

"Kaliko, those invaders whom we threw down
the Tube are coming back again!" he exclaimed.

"I thought they would," said the Royal
Chamberlain, pulling on the other shoe. "Tititi-
Hoo-choo would not allow them to remain in his
kingdom, of course, and so I've been expecting
them back for some time. That was a very foolish
action of yours, Rug."

"What, to throw them down the Tube?"

"Yes. Tititi-Hoochoo has forbidden us to throw
even rubbish into the Tube."

"Pooh! what do I care for the Jinjin?" asked
Ruggedo scornfully. "He never leaves his own
kingdom, which is on the other side of the world."

"True; but he might send some one through
the Tube to punish you," suggested Kaliko.

"I'd like to see him do it! Who could conquer my
thousands of nomes?"

"Why, they've been conquered before, if I
remember aright," answered Kaliko with a grin.
"Once I saw you running from a little girl named
Dorothy, and her friends, as if you were really
afraid."

"Well, I was afraid, that time," admitted the
Nome King, with a deep sigh, "for Dorothy had a
Yellow Hen that laid eggs!"

The King shuddered as he said "eggs," and Kaliko
also shuddered, and so did the Long-Eared Hearer;
for eggs are the only things that the nomes
greatly dread. The reason for this is that eggs
belong on the earth's surface, where birds and
fowl of all sorts live, and there is something
about a hen's egg, especially, that fills a nome
with horror. If by chance the inside of an egg
touches one of these underground people, he
withers up and blows away and that is the end of
him--unless he manages quickly to speak a magical
word which only a few of the nomes know. Therefore
Ruggedo and his followers had very good cause to
shudder at the mere mention of eggs.

"But Dorothy," said the King, "is not with this
band of invaders; nor is the Yellow Hen. As for
Tititi-Hoochoo, he has no means of knowing that we
are afraid of eggs."

"You mustn't be too sure of that," Kaliko warned
him. "Tititi-Hoochoo knows a great many things,
being a fairy, and his powers are far superior to
any we can boast."

Ruggedo shrugged impatiently and turned to the
Hearer.

"Listen," said he, "and tell me if you hear any
eggs coming through the Tube."

The Long-Eared one listened and then shook
his head. But Kaliko laughed at the King.

"No one can hear an egg, Your Majesty,"
said he. "The only way to discover the truth is to
look through the Magic Spyglass."

"That's it!" cried the King. "Why didn't I
think of it before? Look at once, Kaliko!"

So Kaliko went to the Spyglass and by uttering a
mumbled charm he caused the other end of it to
twist around, so that it pointed down the opening
of the Tube. Then he put his eye to the glass and
was able to gaze along all the turns and windings
of the Magic Spyglass and then deep into the Tube,
to where our friends were at that time falling.

"Dear me!" he exclaimed. "Here comes a dragon."

"A big one?" asked Ruggedo.

"A monster. He has an electric light on the end
of his tail, so I can see him very plainly. And
the other people are all riding upon his back."

"How about the eggs?" inquired the King.

Kaliko looked again.

"I can see no eggs at all," said he; "but I
imagine that the dragon is as dangerous as eggs.
Probably Tititi-Hoochoo has sent him here to
punish you for dropping those strangers into the
Forbidden Tube. I warned you not to do it, Your
Majesty."

This news made the Nome King anxious. For a few
minutes he paced up and down, stroking his long
beard and thinking with all his might. After this
he turned to Kaliko and said:

"All the harm a dragon can do is to scratch with
his claws and bite with his teeth."

"That is not all, but it's quite enough,"
returned Kaliko earnestly. "On the other hand, no
one can hurt a dragon, because he's the toughest
creature alive. One flop of his huge tail could
smash a hundred nomes to pancakes, and with teeth
and claws he could tear even you or me into small
bits, so that it would be almost impossible to put
us together again. Once, a few hundred years ago,
while wandering through some deserted caverns, I
came upon a small piece of a nome lying on the
rocky floor. I asked the piece of nome what had
happened to it. Fortunately the mouth was a part
of this piece--the mouth and the left eye--so it
was able to tell me that a fierce dragon was the
cause. It had attacked the poor nome and scattered
him in every direction, and as there was no friend
near to collect his pieces and put him together,
they had been separated for a great many years. So
you see, Your Majesty, it is not in good taste to
sneer at a dragon."

The King had listened attentively to Kaliko.
Said he:

"It will only be necessary to chain this dragon
which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here, in order to
prevent his reaching us with his claws and teeth."

"He also breathes flames," Kaliko reminded him.

"My nomes are not afraid of fire, nor am I,"
said Ruggedo.

"Well, how about the Army of Oogaboo?"

"Sixteen cowardly officers and Tik-Tok! Why, I
could defeat them single-handed; but I won't try
to. I'll summon my army of nomes to drive the
invaders out of my territory, and if we catch any
of them I intend to stick needles into them until
they hop with pain.

"I hope you won't hurt any of the girls," said
Kaliko.

"I'll hurt 'em all!" roared the angry Metal
Monarch. "And that braying Mule I'll make into
hoof-soup, and feed it to my nomes, that it may
add to their strength."

"Why not be good to the strangers and release
your prisoner, the Shaggy Man's brother?"
suggested Kaliko.

"Never!"

"It may save you a lot of annoyance. And you
don't want the Ugly One."

"I don't want him; that's true. But I won't
allow anybody to order me around. I'm King of the
Nomes and I'm the Metal Monarch, and I shall do as
I please and what I please and when I please!"

With this speech Ruggedo threw his sceptre at
Kaliko's head, aiming it so well that the Royal
Chamberlain had to fall flat upon the floor in
order to escape it. But the Hearer did not see the
sceptre coming and it swept past his head so
closely that it broke off the tip of one of his
long ears. He gave a dreadful yell that quite
startled Ruggedo, and the King was sorry for the
accident because those long ears of the Hearer
were really valuable to him.

So the Nome King forgot to be angry with Kaliko
and ordered his Chamberlain to summon General Guph
and the army of nomes and have them properly
armed. They were then to march to the mouth of the
Tube, where they could seize the travelers as soon
as they appeared.




Chapter Fifteen

The Dragon Defies Danger


Although the journey through the Tube was longer,
this time, than before, it was so much more
comfortable that none of our friends minded it at
all. They talked together most of the time and as
they found the dragon good-natured and fond of the
sound of his own voice they soon became well
acquainted with him and accepted him as a
companion.

"You see," said Shaggy, in his frank way, "Quox
is on our side, and therefore the dragon is a good
fellow. If he happened to be an enemy, instead of
a friend, I am sure I should dislike him very
much, for his breath smells of brimstone, he is
very conceited and he is so strong and fierce that
he would prove a dangerous foe."

"Yes, indeed," returned Quox, who had listened
to this speech with pleasure; "I suppose I am
about as terrible as any living thing. I am glad
you find me conceited, for that proves I know my
good qualities. As for my breath smelling of
brimstone, I really can't help it, and I once met
a man whose breath smelled of onions, which I
consider far worse."

"I don't," said Betsy; "I love onions.

"And I love brimstone," declared the dragon, "so
don't let us quarrel over one another's
peculiarities."

Saying this, he breathed a long breath and shot
a flame fifty feet from his mouth. The brimstone
made Betsy cough, but she remembered about the
onions and said nothing.

They had no idea how far they had gone through
the center of the earth, nor when to expect the
trip to end. At one time the little girl remarked:

"I wonder when we'll reach the bottom of this
hole. And isn't it funny, Shaggy Man, that what is
the bottom to us now, was the top when we fell the
other way?"

"What puzzles me," said Files, "is that we are
able to fall both ways.

"That," announced Tik-Tok, "is because the world
is round."

"Exactly," responded Shaggy. "The machinery in
your head is in fine working order, Tik-Tok. You
know, Betsy, that there is such a thing as the
Attraction of Gravitation, which draws everything
toward the center of the earth. That is why we
fall out of bed, and why everything clings to the
surface of the earth."

"Then why doesn't everyone go on down to
the center of the earth?" inquired the little girl.

"I was afraid you were going to ask me that,"
replied Shaggy in a sad tone. "The reason, my
dear, is that the earth is so solid that other solid
things can't get through it. But when there's a
hole, as there is in this case, we drop right down
to the center of the world."

"Why don't we stop there?" asked Betsy.

"Because we go so fast that we acquire speed
enough to carry us right up to the other end."

"I don't understand that, and it makes my
head ache to try to figure it out," she said after
some thought. "One thing draws us to the center
and another thing pushes us away from it.
But--"

"Don't ask me why, please," interrupted the
Shaggy Man. "If you can't understand it, let it go
at that."

"Do you understand it?" she inquired.

"All the magic isn't in fairyland," he said
gravely. "There's lots of magic in all Nature,
and you may see it as well in the United States,
where you and I once lived, as you can here."

"I never did," she replied.

"Because you were so used to it all that you
didn't realize it was magic. Is anything more
wonderful than to see a flower grow and blossom,
or to get light out of the electricity in the air?
The cows that manufacture milk for us must have
machinery fully as remarkable as that in Tik-Tok's
copper body, and perhaps you've noticed that--"

And then, before Shaggy could finish his speech,
the strong light of day suddenly broke upon them,
grew brighter, and completely enveloped them. The
dragon's claws no longer scraped against the metal
Tube, for he shot into the open air a hundred feet
or more and sailed so far away from the slanting
hole that when he landed it was on the peak of a
mountain and just over the entrance to the many
underground caverns of the Nome King.

Some of the officers tumbled off their seats
when Quox struck the ground, hut most of the
dragon's passengers only felt a slight jar. All
were glad to be on solid earth again and they at
once dismounted and began to look about them.
Queerly enough, as soon as they had left the
dragon, the seats that were strapped to the
monster's back disappeared, and this probably
happened because there was no further use for them
and because Quox looked far more dignified in just
his silver scales. Of course he still wore the
forty yards of ribbon around his neck, as well as
the great locket, but these only made him look
"dressed up," as Betsy remarked.

Now the army of nomes had gathered thickly
around the mouth of the Tube, in order to be ready
to capture the band of invaders as soon as they
popped out. There were, indeed, hundreds of nomes
assembled, and they were led by Guph, their most
famous General. But they did not expect the dragon
to fly so high, and he shot out of the Tube so
suddenly that it took them by surprise. When the
nomes had rubbed the astonishment out of their
eyes and regained their wits, they discovered the
dragon quietly seated on the mountainside far
above their heads, while the other strangers were
standing in a group and calmly looking down upon
them.

General Guph was very angry at the escape, which
was no one's fault but his own.

"Come down here and be captured!" he shouted,
waving his sword at them.

"Come up here and capture us--if you dare!"
replied Queen Ann, who was winding up the
clockwork of her Private Soldier, so he could
fight more briskly.

Guph's first answer was a roar of rage at the
defiance; then he turned and issued a command to
his nomes. These were all armed with sharp spears
and with one accord they raised these spears and
threw them straight at their foes, so that they
rushed through the air in a perfect cloud of
flying weapons.

Some damage might have been done had not the
dragon quickly crawled before the others, his body
being so big that it shielded every one of them,
including Hank. The spears rattled against the
silver scales of Quox and then fell harmlessly to
the ground. They were magic spears, of course, and
all straightway bounded back into the hands of
those who had thrown them, but even Guph could see
that it was useless to repeat the attack.

It was now Queen Ann's turn to attack, so the
Generals yelled "For-ward march!" and the
Colonels and Majors and Captains repeated the
command and the valiant Army of Oogaboo,
which seemed to be composed mainly of Tik-
Tok, marched forward in single column toward
the nomes, while Betsy and Polychrome cheered
and Hank gave a loud "Hee-haw!" and Shaggy
shouted "Hooray!" and Queen Ann screamed:
"At 'em, Tik-Tok-at 'em!"

The nomes did not await the Clockwork Man's
attack but in a twinkling disappeared into the
underground caverns. They made a great mistake in
being so hasty, for Tik-Tok had not taken a dozen
steps before he stubbed his copper toe on a rock
and fell flat to the ground, where he cried: "Pick
me up! Pick me up! Pick me up!" until Shaggy and
Files ran forward and raised him to his feet
again.

The dragon chuckled softly to himself as he
scratched his left ear with his hind claw, but no
one was paying much attention to Quox just then.

It was evident to Ann and her officers that
there could be no fighting unless the enemy was
present, and in order to find the enemy they must
boldly enter the underground Kingdom of the nomes.
So bold a step demanded a council of war.

"Don't you think I'd better drop in on Ruggedo
and obey the orders of the Jinjin?" asked Quox.

"By no means!" returned Queen Ann. "We have
already put the army of nomes to flight and all
that yet remains is to force our way into those
caverns, and conquer the Nome King and all his
people.'

"That seems to me something of a job," said
the dragon, closing his eyes sleepily. "But go
ahead, if you like, and I'll wait here for you.
Don't be in any hurry on my account. To one
who lives thousands of years the delay of a few
days means nothing at all, and I shall probably
sleep until the time comes for me to act.

Ann was provoked at this speech.

"You may as well go back to Tititi-Hoochoo now,"
she said, "for the Nome King is as good as
conquered already."

But Quox shook his head. "No," said he; "I'll wait."




Chapter Sixteen

The Naughty Nome


Shaggy Man had said nothing during the
conversation between Queen Ann and Quox, for the
simple reason that he did not consider the matter
worth an argument. Safe within his pocket reposed
the Love Magnet, which had never failed to win
every heart. The nomes, he knew, were not like the
heartless Roses and therefore could be won to his
side as soon as he exhibited the magic talisman.

Shaggy's chief anxiety had been to reach
Ruggedo's Kingdom and now that the entrance lay
before him he was confident he would be able to
rescue his lost brother. Let Ann and the dragon
quarrel as to who should conquer the nomes, if
they liked; Shaggy would let them try, and if they
failed he had the means of conquest in his own
pocket.

But Ann was positive she could not fail, for she
thought her Army could do anything. So she called
the officers together and told them how to act,
and she also instructed Tik-Tok what to do and
what to say.

"Please do not shoot your gun except as a last
resort," she added, "for I do not wish to be cruel
or to shed any blood--unless it is absolutely
necessary."

"All right," replied Tik-Tok; "but I do not
think Rug-ge-do would bleed if I filled him full
of holes and put him in a ci-der press."

Then the officers fell in line, the four
Generals abreast and then the four Colonels and
the four Majors and the four Captains. They drew
their glittering swords and commanded Tik-Tok to
march, which he did. Twice he fell down, being
tripped by the rough rocks, but when he struck the
smooth path he got along better. Into the gloomy
mouth of the cavern entrance he stepped without
hesitation, and after him proudly pranced the
officers and Queen Ann. The others held back a
little, waiting to see what would happen.

Of course the Nome King knew they were coming
and was prepared to receive them. Just within the
rocky passage that led to the jeweled throne-room
was a deep pit, which was usually covered. Ruggedo
had ordered the cover removed and it now stood
open, scarcely visible in the gloom.

The pit was so large around that it nearly
filled the passage and there was barely room for
one to walk around it by pressing close to the
rock walls. This Tik-Tok did, for his copper eyes
saw the pit clearly and he avoided it; but the
officers marched straight into the hole and
tumbled in a heap on the bottom. An instant later
Queen Ann also walked into the pit, for she had
her chin in the air and was careless where she
placed her feet. Then one of the nomes pulled a
lever which replaced the cover on the pit and made
the officers of Oogaboo and their Queen fast
prisoners.

As for Tik-Tok, he kept straight on to the
cavern where Ruggedo sat in his throne and there
he faced the Nome King and said:

"I here-by con-quer you in the name of Queen Ann
So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-my I am, and I
declare that you are her pris-on-er!"

Ruggedo laughed at him.

"Where is this famous Queen?" he asked.

"She'll be here in a min-ute," said Tik-Tok.
"Per-haps she stopped to tie her shoe-string."

"Now, see here, Tik-Tok," began the Nome King,
in a stern voice, "I've had enough of this
nonsense. Your Queen and her officers are all
prisoners, having fallen into my power, so perhaps
you'll tell me what you mean to do."

"My orders were to con-quer you," replied Tik-
Tok, "and my ma-chin-er-y has done the best it
knows how to car-ry out those or-ders."

Ruggedo pounded on his gong and Kaliko appeared,
followed closely by General Guph.

"Take this copper man into the shops and set him
to work hammering gold," commanded the King.
"Being run by machinery he ought to be a steady
worker. He ought never to have been made, but
since he exists I shall hereafter put him to good
use."

"If you try to cap-ture me," said Tik-Tok, "I
shall fight."

"Don't do that!" exclaimed General Guph,
earnestly, "for it will be useless to resist and
you might hurt some one."

But Tik-Tok raised his gun and took aim and not
knowing what damage the gun might do the nomes
were afraid to face It.

While he was thus defying the Nome King and his
high officials, Betsy Bobbin rode calmly into the
royal cavern, seated upon the back of Hank the
mule. The little girl had grown tired of waiting
for "something to happen" and so had come to see
if Ruggedo had been conquered.

"Nails and nuggets!" roared the King; "how
dare you bring that beast here and enter my
presence unannounced?"

"There wasn't anybody to announce me, replied
Betsy. "I guess your folks were all busy. Are you
conquered yet?"

"No!" shouted the King, almost beside himself
with rage.

"Then please give me something to eat, for I'm
awful hungry," said the girl. "You see, this
conquering business is a good deal like waiting
for a circus parade; it takes a long time to get
around and don't amount to much anyhow."

The nomes were so much astonished at this speech
that for a time they could only glare at her
silently, not finding words to reply. The King
finally recovered the use of his tongue and said:

"Earth-crawler! this insolence to my majesty
shall be your death-warrant. You are an ordinary
mortal, and to stop a mortal from living is so
easy a thing to do that I will not keep you
waiting half so long as you did for my conquest."

"I'd rather you wouldn't stop me from living,"
remarked Betsy, getting off Hank's back and
standing beside him. "And it would be a pretty
cheap King who killed a visitor while she was
hungry. If you'll give me something to eat, I'll
talk this killing business over with you
afterward; only, I warn you now that I don't
approve of it, and never will."

Her coolness and lack of fear impressed the Nome
King, although he bore an intense hatred toward
all mortals.

"What do you wish to eat?" he asked gruffly.

"Oh, a ham-sandwich would do, or perhaps a
couple of hard-boiled eggs--"

"Eggs!" shrieked the three nomes who were
present, shuddering till their teeth chattered.

"What's the matter?" asked Betsy wonderingly.
"Are eggs as high here as they are at home?"

"Guph," said the King in an agitated voice,
turning to his General, "let us destroy this rash
mortal at once! Seize her and take her to the
Slimy Cave and lock her in."

Guph glanced at Tik-Tok, whose gun was still
pointed, but just then Kaliko stole softly behind
the copper man and kicked his knee-joints so that
they suddenly bent forward and tumbled Tik-Tok to
the floor, his gun falling from his grasp.

Then Guph, seeing Tik-Tok helpless, made a grab
at Betsy. At the same time Hank's heels shot out
and caught the General just where his belt was
buckled. He rose into the air swift as a cannon-
ball, struck the Nome King fairly and flattened
his Majesty against the wall of rock on the
opposite side of the cavern. Together they fell to
the floor in a dazed and crumpled condition,
seeing which Kaliko whispered to Betsy:

"Come with me--quick!--and I will save you."

She looked into Kaliko's face inquiringly and
thought he seemed honest and good-natured, so
she decided to follow him. He led her and the
mule through several passages and into a small
cavern very nicely and comfortably furnished.

"This is my own room," said he, "but you are
quite welcome to use it. Wait here a minute and
I'll get you something to eat."

When Kaliko returned he brought a tray
containing some broiled mushrooms, a loaf of
mineral bread and some petroleum-butter. The
butter Betsy could not eat, but the bread was good
and the mushrooms delicious.

"Here's the door key," said Kaliko, "and you'd
better lock yourself in."

"Won't you let Polychrome and the Rose Princess
come here, too?" she asked.

"I'll see. Where are they?"

"I don't know. I left them outside," said Betsy.

"Well, if you hear three raps on the door, open
it," said Kaliko; "but don't let anyone in unless
they give the three raps."

"All right," promised Betsy, and when Kaliko
left the cosy cavern she closed and locked the
door.

In the meantime Ann and her officers, finding
themselves prisoners in the pit, had shouted and
screamed until they were tired out, but no one had
come to their assistance. It was very dark and
damp in the pit and they could not climb out
because the walls were higher than their heads and
the cover was on. The Queen was first angry and
then annoyed and then discouraged; but the
officers were only afraid. Every one of the poor
fellows heartily wished he was back in Oogaboo
caring for his orchard, and some were so unhappy
that they began to reproach Ann for causing them
all this trouble and danger.

Finally the Queen sat down on the bottom of the
pit and leaned her back against the wall. By good
luck her sharp elbow touched a secret spring in
the wall and a big flat rock swung inward. Ann
fell over backward, but the next instant she
jumped up and cried to the others:

"A passage! A passage! Follow me, my brave men,
and we may yet escape."

Then she began to crawl through the passage,
which was as dark and dank as the pit, and the
officers followed her in single file. They
crawled, and they crawled, and they kept on
crawling, for the passage was not big enough to
allow them to stand upright. It turned this way
and twisted that, sometimes like a corkscrew and
sometimes zigzag, but seldom ran for long in a
straight line.

"It will never end--never!" moaned the officers,
who were rubbing all the skin off their knees on
the rough rocks.

"It must end," retorted Ann courageously, "or
it never would have been made. We don't know
where it will lead us to, but any place is better
than that loathsome pit."

So she crawled on, and the officers crawled on,
and while they were crawling through this awful
underground passage Polychrome and Shaggy and
Files and the Rose Princess, who were standing
outside the entrance to Ruggedo's domains, were
wondering what had become of them.




Chapter Seventeen

A Tragic Transformation


"Don't let us worry," said Shaggy to his
companions, "for it may take the Queen some time
to conquer the Metal Monarch, as Tik-Tok has to do
everything in his slow, mechanical way."

"Do you suppose they are likely to fail?" asked
the Rose Princess.

"I do, indeed," replied Shaggy. "This Nome King
is really a powerful fellow and has a legion of
nomes to assist him, whereas our bold Queen
commands a Clockwork Man and a band of faint-
hearted officers."

"She ought to have let Quox do the conquering,"
said Polychrome, dancing lightly upon a point of
rock and fluttering her beautiful draperies. "But
perhaps the dragon was wise to let her go first,
for when she fails to conquer Ruggedo she may
become more modest in her ambitions."

"Where is the dragon now?" inquired Ozga.

"Up there on the rocks," replied Files. "Look,
my dear; you may see him from here. He said he
would take a little nap while we were mixing up
with Ruggedo, and he added that after we had
gotten into trouble he would wake up and conquer
the Nome King in a jiffy, as his master the Jinjin
has ordered him to do."

"Quox means well," said Shaggy, "but I do not
think we shall need his services; for just as soon
as I am satisfied that Queen Ann and her army have
failed to conquer Ruggedo, I shall enter the
caverns and show the King my Love Magnet. That he
cannot resist; therefore the conquest will be made
with ease."

This speech of Shaggy Man's was overheard by the
Long-Eared Hearer, who was at that moment standing
by Ruggedo's side. For when the King and Guph had
recovered from Hank's kick and had picked
themselves up, their first act was to turn Tik-Tok
on his back and put a heavy diamond on top of him,
so that he could not get up again. Then they
carefully put his gun in a corner of the cavern
and the King sent Guph to fetch the Long-Eared
Hearer.

The Hearer was still angry at Ruggedo for
breaking his ear, but he acknowledged the Nome
King to be his master and was ready to obey his
commands. Therefore he repeated Shaggy's speech to
the King, who at once realized that his Kingdom
was in grave danger. For Ruggedo knew of the Love
Magnet and its powers and was horrified at the
thought that Shaggy might show him the magic
talisman and turn all the hatred in his heart into
love. Ruggedo was proud of his hatred and abhorred
love of any sort.


"Really," said he, "I'd rather he conquered and
lose my wealth and my Kingdom than gaze at that
awful Love Magnet. What can I do to prevent the
Shaggy Man from taking it out of his pocket?"

Kaliko returned to the cavern in time to
overhear this question, and being a loyal nome and
eager to serve his King, he answered by saying:

"If we can manage to bind the Shaggy Man's arms,
tight to his body, he could not get the Love
Magnet out of his pocket."

"True!" cried the King in delight at this easy
solution of the problem. "Get at once a dozen
nomes, with ropes, and place them in the passage
where they can seize and bind Shaggy as soon as he
enters.

This Kaliko did, and meanwhile the watchers
outside the entrance were growing more and more
uneasy about their friends.

"I don't worry so much about the Oogaboo
people," said Polychrome, who had grown sober with
waiting, and perhaps a little nervous, "for they
could not be killed, even though Ruggedo might
cause them much suffering and perhaps destroy them
utterly. But we should not have allowed Betsy and
Hank to go alone into the caverns. The little girl
is mortal and possesses no magic powers whatever,
so if Ruggedo captures her she will be wholly at
his. mercy."

"That is indeed true," replied Shaggy. "I
wouldn't like to have anything happen to dear
little Betsy, so I believe I'll go in right away
and put an end to all this worry."

"We may as well go with you," asserted Files,
"for by means of the Love Magnet, you can soon
bring the Nome King to reason.

So it was decided to wait no longer. Shaggy
walked through the entrance first, and after him
came the others. They had no thought of danger to
themselves, and Shaggy, who was going along with
his hands thrust into his pockets, was much
surprised when a rope shot out from the darkness
and twined around his body, pinning down his arms
so securely that he could not even withdraw his
hands from the pockets. Then appeared several
grinning nomes, who speedily tied knots in the
ropes and then led the prisoner along the passage
to the cavern. No attention was paid to the
others, but Files and the Princess followed on
after Shaggy, determined not to desert their
friend and hoping that an opportunity might arise
to rescue him.

As for Polychrome, as soon as she saw that
trouble had overtaken Shaggy she turned and ran
lightly back through the passage and out of the
entrance. Then she easily leaped from rock to rock
until she paused beside the great dragon, who lay
fast asleep.

"Wake up, Quox!" she cried. "It is time for you
to act."

But Quox did not wake up. He lay as one in a
trance, absolutely motionless, with his enormous
eyes tight closed. The eyelids had big silver
scales on them, like all the rest of his body.

Polychrome might have thought Quox was dead had
she not known that dragons do not die easily or
had she not observed his huge body swelling as he
breathed. She picked up a piece of rock and
pounded against his eyelids with it, saying:

"Wake up, Quox-wake up!" But he would not waken.

"Dear me, how unfortunate!" sighed the
lovely Rainbow's Daughter. "I wonder what is
the best and surest way to waken a dragon. All
our friends may be captured and destroyed
while this great beast lies asleep."

She walked around Quox two or three times,
trying to discover some tender place on his body
where a thump or a punch might he felt; but he lay
extended along the rocks with his chin flat upon
the ground and his legs drawn underneath his body,
and all that one could see was his thick sky-blue
skin--thicker than that of a rhinoceros--and his
silver scales.

Then, despairing at last of wakening the beast,
and worried over the fate of her friends,
Polychrome again ran down to the entrance and
hurried along the passage into the Nome King's
cavern.

Here she found Ruggedo lolling in his throne and
smoking a long pipe. Beside him stood General Guph
and Kaliko, and ranged before the King were the
Rose Princess, Files and the Shaggy Man. Tik-Tok
still lay upon the floor, weighted down by the big
diamond.

Ruggedo was now in a more contented frame of
mind. One by one he had met the invaders and
easily captured them. The dreaded Love Magnet was
indeed in Shaggy's pocket, only a few feet away
from the King, but Shaggy was powerless to show it
and unless Ruggudo's eyes beheld the talisman it
could not affect him. As for Betsy Bobbin and her
mule, he believed Kaliko had placed them in the
Slimy Cave, while Ann and her officers he thought
safely imprisoned in the pit. Ruggedo had no fear
of Files or Ozga, but to be on the safe side he
had ordered golden handcuffs placed upon their
wrists. These did not cause them any great
annoyance but prevented them from making an
attack, had they been inclined to do so.

The Nome King, thinking himself wholly master of
the situation, was laughing and jeering at his
prisoners when Polychrome, exquisitely beautiful
and dancing like a ray of light, entered the
cavern.

"Oho!" cried the King; "a Rainbow under ground,
eh?" and then he stared hard at Polychrome, and
still harder, and then he sat up and pulled the
wrinkles out of his robe and arranged his
whiskers. "On my word," said he, "you are a very
captivating creature; moreover, I perceive you
are a fairy."

"I am Polychrome, the Rainbow's Daughter," she
said proudly.

"Well," replied Ruggedo, "I like you. The others
I hate. I hate everybody--but you! Wouldn't you
like to live always in this beautiful cavern,
Polychrome? See! the jewels that stud the walls
have every tint and color of your Rainbow--and
they are not so elusive. I'll have fresh dewdrops
gathered for your feasting every day and you shall
be Queen of all my nomes and pull Kaliko's nose
whenever you like."

"No, thank you," laughed Polychrome. "My home is
in the sky, and I'm only on a visit to this solid,
sordid earth. But tell me, Ruggedo, why my friends
have been wound with cords and bound with chains?"

"They threatened me," answered Ruggedo. "The
fools did not know how powerful I am."

"Then, since they are now helpless, why not
release them and send them back to the earth's
surface?"

"Because I hate 'em and mean to make em suffer
for their invasion. But I'll make a bargain with
you, sweet Polly. Remain here and live with me and
I'll set all these people free. You shall be my
daughter or my wife or my aunt or grandmother--
whichever you like only stay here to brighten my
gloomy kingdom and make me happy!"

Polychrome looked at him wonderingly. Then she
turned to Shaggy and asked:

"Are you sure he hasn't seen the Love Magnet?"

"I'm positive," answered Shaggy. "But you seem
to be something of a Love Magnet yourself,
Polychrome."

She laughed again and said to Ruggedo: "Not even
to rescue my friends would I live in your kingdom.
Nor could I endure for long the society of such a
wicked monster as you.

"You forget," retorted the King, scowling
darkly, "that you also are in my power."

"Not so, Ruggedo. The Rainbow's Daughter is
beyond the reach of your spite or malice."

"Seize her!" suddenly shouted the King, and
General Guph sprang forward to obey. Polychrome
stood quite still, yet when Guph attempted to
clutch her his hands met in air, and now the
Rainbow's Daughter was in another part of the
room, as smiling and composed as before.

Several times Guph endeavored to capture her and
Ruggedo even came down from his throne to assist
his General; but never could they lay hands upon
the lovely sky fairy, who flitted here and there
with the swiftness of light and constantly defied
them with her merry laughter as she evaded their
efforts.

So after a time they abandoned the chase and
Ruggedo returned to his throne and wiped the
perspiration from his face with a finely-woven
handkerchief of cloth-of-gold.

"Well," said Polychrome, "what do you intend to
do now?"

"I'm going to have some fun, to repay me for all
my bother," replied the Nome King. Then he said to
Kaliko: "Summon the executioners."

Kaliko at once withdrew and presently returned
with a score of nomes, all of whom were nearly as
evil looking as their hated master. They bore
great golden pincers, and prods of silver, and
clamps and chains and various wicked-looking
instruments, all made of precious metals and set
with diamonds and rubies.

"Now, Pang," said Ruggedo, addressing the leader
of the executioners, "fetch the Army of Oogaboo
and their Queen from the pit and torture them here
in my presence--as well as in the presence of
their friends. It will be great sport."

"I hear Your Majesty, and I obey Your Majesty,"
answered Pang, and went with his nomes into the
passage. In a few minutes he returned and bowed to
Ruggedo.

"They're all gone," said he.

"Gone!" exclaimed the Nome King. "Gone where?"

"They left no address, Your Majesty; but they
are not in the pit."

"Picks and puddles!" roared the King; "who took
the cover off?"

"No one," said Pang. "The cover was there, but
the prisoners were not under it."

"In that case," snarled the King, trying to
control his disappointment, "go to the Slimy Cave
and fetch hither the girl and the donkey. And
while we are torturing them Kaliko must take a
hundred nomes and search for the escaped
prisoners--the Queen of Oogaboo and her officers.
If he does not find them, I will torture Kaliko."

Kaliko went away looking sad and disturbed, for
he knew the King was cruel and unjust enough to
carry out this threat. Pang and the executioners
also went away, in another direction, but when
they came back Betsy Bobbin was not with them, nor
was Hank.

"There is no one in the Slimy Cave, Your
Majesty," reported Pang.

"Jumping jellycakes!" screamed the King.
"Another escape? Are you sure you found the right
cave?"

"There is but one Slimy Cave, and there is no
one in it," returned Pang positively.

Ruggedo was beginning to be alarmed as well as
angry. However, these disappointments but made him
the more vindictive and he cast an evil look at
the other prisoners and said:

"Never mind the girl and the donkey. Here are
four, at least, who cannot escape my vengeance.
Let me see; I believe I'll change my mind about
Tik-Tok. Have the gold crucible heated to a white,
seething heat, and then we'll dump the copper man
into it and melt him up.

"But, Your Majesty," protested Kaliko, who had
returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes
to search for the Oogaboo people, you must
remember that Tik-Tok is a very curious and
interesting machine. It would be a shame to
deprive the world of such a clever contrivance."

"Say another word, and you'll go into the
furnace with him!" roared the King. "I'm getting
tired of you, Kaliko, and the first thing you know
I'll turn you into a potato and make Saratoga-
chips of you! The next to consider," he added more
mildly, "is the Shaggy Man. As he owns the Love
Magnet, I think I'll transform him into a dove,
and then we can practice shooting at him with Tik-
Tok's gun. Now, this is a very interesting
ceremony and I beg you all to watch me closely and
see that I've nothing up my sleeve."

He came out of his throne to stand before the
Shaggy Man, and then he waved his hands, palms
downward, in seven semicircles over his victim's
head, saying in a low but clear tone of voice the
magic wugwa:

"Adi, edi, idi, odi, udi, oo-i-oo!

Idu, ido, idi, ide, ida, woo!"

The effect of this well-known sorcery was
instantaneous. Instead of the Shaggy Man, a pretty
dove lay fluttering upon the floor, its wings
confined by tiny cords wound around them. Ruggedo
gave an order to Pang, who cut the cords with a
pair of scissors. Being freed, the dove quickly
flew upward and alighted on the shoulder of the
Rose Princess, who stroked it tenderly.

"Very good! Very good!" cried Ruggedo, rubbing
his hands gleefully together. "One enemy is out of
my way, and now for the others."

(Perhaps my readers should be warned not to
attempt the above transformation; for, although
the exact magical formula has been described, it
is unlawful in all civilized countries for anyone
to transform a person into a dove by muttering the
words Ruggedo used. There were no laws to prevent
the Nome King from performing this transformation,
but if it should be attempted in any other
country, and the magic worked, the magician would
be severely punished.)

When Polychrome saw Shaggy Man transformed into
a dove and realized that Ruggedo was about do
something as dreadful to the Princess and Files,
and that Tik-Tok would soon be melted in a
crucible, she turned and ran from the cavern,
through the passage and back to the place where
Quox lay asleep.




Chapter Eighteen

A Clever Conquest


The great dragon still had his eyes closed and was
even snoring in a manner that resembled distant
thunder; but Polychrome was now desperate, because
any further delay meant the destruction of her
friends. She seized the pearl necklace, to which
was attached the great locket, and jerked it with
all her strength.

The result was encouraging. Quox stopped
snoring and his eyelids flickered. So Polychrome
jerked again--and again--till slowly the great
lids raised and the dragon looked at her steadily.
Said he, in a sleepy tone:

"What's the matter, little Rainbow?"

"Come quick!" exclaimed Polychrome. "Ruggedo has
captured all our friends and is about to destroy
them."

"Well, well," said Quox, "I suspected that would
happen. Step a little out of my path, my dear, and
I'll make a rush for the Nome King's cavern."

She fell back a few steps and Quox raised
himself on his stout legs, whisked his long tail
and in an instant had slid down the rocks and made
a dive through the entrance.

Along the passage he swept, nearly filling it
with his immense body, and now he poked his head
into the jeweled cavern of Ruggedo.

But the King had long since made arrangements to
capture the dragon, whenever he might appear. No
sooner did Quox stick his head into the room than
a thick chain fell from above and encircled his
neck. Then the ends of the chain were drawn tight-
-for in an adjoining cavern a thousand nomes were
pulling on them--and so the dragon could advance
no further toward the King. He could not use his
teeth or his claws and as his body was still in
the passage he had not even room to strike his
foes with his terrible tail.

Ruggedo was delighted with the success of his
stratagem. He had just transformed the Rose
Princess into a fiddle and was about to transform
Files into a fiddle bow, when the dragon appeared
to interrupt him. So he called out:

"Welcome, my dear Quox, to my royal
entertainment. Since you are here, you shall
witness some very neat magic, and after I have
finished with Files and Tik-Tok I mean to
transform you into a tiny lizard--one of the
chameleon sort--and you shall live in my cavern
and amuse me.

"Pardon me for contradicting Your Majesty,"
returned Quox in a quiet voice, "but I don't
believe you'll perform any more magic."

"Eh? Why not?" asked the King in surprise.

"There's a reason," said Quox. "Do you see this
ribbon around my neck?"

"Yes; and I'm astonished that a dignified dragon
should wear such a silly thing."

"Do you see it plainly?" persisted the dragon,
with a little chuckle of amusement.

"I do," declared Ruggedo.

"Then you no longer possess any magical powers,
and are as helpless as a clam," asserted Quox. "My
great master, Tititi-Hoochoo, the Jinjin,
enchanted this ribbon in such a way that whenever
Your Majesty looked upon it all knowledge of magic
would desert you instantly, nor will any magical
formula you can remember ever perform your
bidding."

"Pooh! I don't believe a word of it!" cried
Ruggedo, half frightened, nevertheless. Then he
turned toward Files and tried to transform him
into a fiddle bow. But he could not remember the
right words or the right pass of the hands and
after several trials he finally gave up the
attempt.

By this time the Nome King was so alarmed that
he was secretly shaking in his shoes.

"I told you not to anger Tititi-Hoochoo,"
grumbled Kaliko, "and now you see the result of
your disobedience."

Ruggedo promptly threw his sceptre at his Royal
Chamberlain, who dodged it with his usual
cleverness, and then he said with an attempt to
swagger:

"Never mind; I don't need magic to enable me to
destroy these invaders; fire and the sword will do
the business and I am still King of the Nomes and
lord and master of my Underground Kingdom!"

"Again I beg to differ with Your Majesty," said
Quox. "The Great Jinjin commands you to depart
instantly from this Kingdom and seek the earth's
surface, where you will wander for all time to
come, without a home or country, without a friend
or follower, and without any more riches than you
can carry with you in your pockets. The Great
Jinjin is so generous that he will allow you to
fill your pockets with jewels or gold, but you
must take nothing more."

Ruggedo now stared at the dragon in amazement.

"Does Tititi-Hoochoo condemn me to such a fate?"
he asked in a hoarse voice.

"He does," said Quox.

"And just for throwing a few strangers down the
Forbidden Tube?"

"Just for that," repeated Quox in a stern, gruff
voice.

"Well, I won't do it. And your crazy old Jinjin
can't make me do it, either!" declared Ruggedo. "I
intend to remain here, King of the Nomes, until
the end of the world, and I defy your Tititi-
Hoochoo and all his fairies--as well as his clumsy
messenger, whom I have been obliged to chain up!"

The dragon smiled again, but it was not the sort
of smile that made Ruggedo feel very happy.
Instead, there was something so cold and merciless
in the dragon's expression that the condemned Nome
King trembled and was sick at heart.

There was little comfort for Ruggedo in the fact
that the dragon was now chained, although he had
boasted of it. He glared at the immense head of
Quox as if fascinated and there was fear in the
old King's eyes as he watched his enemy's
movements.

For the dragon was now moving; not abruptly, but
as if he had something to do and was about to do
it. Very deliberately he raised one claw, touched
the catch of the great jeweled locket that was
suspended around his neck, and at once it opened
wide.

Nothing much happened at first; half a dozen
hen's eggs rolled out upon the floor and then the
locket closed with a sharp click. But the effect
upon the nomes of this simple thing was
astounding. General Guph, Kaliko, Pang and his
band of executioners were all standing close to
the door that led to the vast series of
underground caverns which constituted the
dominions of the nomes, and as soon as they saw
the eggs they raised a chorus of frantic screams
and rushed through the door, slamming it in
Ruggedo's face and placing a heavy bronze bar
across it.

Ruggedo, dancing with terror and uttering
loud cries, now leaped upon the seat of his
throne to escape the eggs, which had rolled
steadily toward him. Perhaps these eggs, sent
by the wise and crafty Tititi-Hoochoo, were in
some way enchanted, for they all rolled directly
after Ruggedo and when they reached the
throne where he had taken refuge they began
rolling up the legs to the seat.

This was too much for the King to bear. His
horror of eggs was real and absolute and he made a
leap from the throne to the center of the room and
then ran to a far corner.

The eggs followed, rolling slowly but steadily
in his direction. Ruggedo threw his sceptre at
them, and then his ruby crown, and then he drew
off his heavy golden sandals and hurled these at
the advancing eggs. But the eggs dodged every
missile and continued to draw nearer. The King
stood trembling, his eyes staring in terror, until
they were but half a yard distant; then with an
agile leap he jumped clear over them and made a
rush for the passage that led to the outer
entrance.

Of course the dragon was in his way, being
chained in the passage with his head in the
cavern, but when he saw the King making toward him
he crouched as low as he could and dropped his
chin to the floor, leaving a small space between
his body and the roof of the passage.

Ruggedo did not hesitate an instant. Impelled
by fear, he leaped to the dragon's nose and then
scrambled to his back, where he succeeded in
squeezing himself through the opening. After
the head was passed there was more room and
he slid along the dragon's scales to his tail and
then ran as fast as his legs would carry him to
the entrance. Not pausing here, so great was his
fright, the King dashed on down the mountain
path, but before he had gone very far he
stumbled and fell.

When he picked himself up he observed that no
one was following him, and while he recovered his
breath he happened to think of the decree of the
Jinjin--that he should be driven from his Kingdom
and made a wanderer on the face of the earth.
Well, here he was, driven from his cavern in
truth; driven by those dreadful eggs; but he would
go back and defy them; he would not submit to
losing his precious Kingdom and his tyrannical
powers, all because Tititi-Hoochoo had said he
must.

So, although still afraid, Ruggedo nerved
himself to creep back along the path to the
entrance, and when he arrived there he saw the six
eggs lying in a row just before the arched
opening.

At first he paused a safe distance away to
consider the case, for the eggs were now
motionless. While he was wondering what could be
done, he remembered there was a magical charm
which would destroy eggs and render them harmless
to nomes. There were nine passes to be made and
six verses of incantation to be recited; but
Ruggedo knew them all. Now that he had ample time
to be exact, he carefully went through the entire
ceremony.

But nothing happened. The eggs did not
disappear, as he had expected; so he repeated the
charm a second time. When that also failed, he
remembered, with a moan of despair, that his magic
power had been taken away from him and in the
future he could do no more than any common mortal.

And there were the eggs, forever barring him
from the Kingdom which he had ruled so long with
absolute sway! He threw rocks at them, but could
not hit a single egg. He raved and scolded and
tore his hair and beard, and danced in helpless
passion, but that did nothing to avert the just
judgment of the Jinjin, which Ruggedo's own evil
deeds had brought upon him.

From this time on he was an outcast--a wanderer
upon the face of the earth--and he had even
forgotten to fill his pockets with gold and jewels
before he fled from his former Kingdom!




Chapter Nineteen

King Kaliko


After the King had made good his escape Files said
to the dragon, in a sad voice:

"Alas! why did you not come before? Because you
were sleeping instead of conquering, the lovely
Rose Princess has become a fiddle without a how,
while poor Shaggy sits there a cooing dove!"

"Don't worry," replied Quox. "Tititi-Hoochoo
knows his business, and I have my orders from the
Great Jinjin himself. Bring the fiddle here and
touch it lightly to my pink ribbon."

Files obeyed and at the moment of contact with
the ribbon the Nome King's charm was broken and
the Rose Princess herself stood before them as
sweet and smiling as ever.

The dove, perched on the back of the throne, had
seen and heard all this, so without being told
what to do it flew straight to the dragon and
alighted on the ribbon. Next instant Shaggy was
himself again and Quox said to him grumblingly:

"Please get off my left toe, Shaggy Man, and be
more particular where you step."

"I beg your pardon!" replied Shaggy, very
glad to resume his natural form. Then he ran
to lift the heavy diamond off Tik-Tok's chest
and to assist the Clockwork Man to his feet.

"Ma-ny thanks!" said Tik-Tok. "Where is the
wicked King who want-ed to melt me in a cru-ci-
ble?"

"He has gone, and gone for good," answered
Polychrome, who had managed to squeeze into the
room beside the dragon and had witnessed the
occurrences with much interest. "But I wonder
where Betsy Bobbin and Hank can be, and if any
harm has befallen them."

"We must search the cavern until we find them,"
declared Shaggy; but when he went to the door
leading to the other caverns he found it shut and
barred.

"I've a pretty strong push in my forehead," said
Quox, "and I believe I can break down that door,
even though it's made of solid gold."

"But you are a prisoner, and the chains that
hold you are fastened in some other room, so that
we cannot release you," Files said anxiously.

"Oh, never mind that," returned the dragon. "I
have remained a prisoner only because I wished to
be one," and with this he stepped forward and
burst the stout chains as easily as if they had
been threads.

But when he tried to push in the heavy metal
door, even his mighty strength failed, and after
several attempts he gave it up and squatted
himself in a corner to think of a better way.

"I'll o-pen the door," asserted Tik-Tok, and
going to the King's big gong he pounded upon It
until the noise was almost deafening.

Kaliko, in the next cavern, was wondering what
had happened to Ruggedo and if he had escaped the
eggs and outwitted the dragon. But when he heard
the sound of the gong, which had so often called
him into the King's presence, he decided that
Ruggedo had been victorious; so he took away the
bar, threw open the door and entered the royal
cavern.

Great was his astonishment to find the King gone
and the enchantments removed from the Princess and
Shaggy. But the eggs were also gone and so Kaliko
advanced to the dragon, whom he knew to be
Tititi-Hoochoo's messenger, and bowed humbly
before the beast.

"What is your will?" he inquired.

"Where is Betsy?" demanded the dragon.

"Safe in my own private room," said Kaliko.

"Go and get her!" commanded Quox.

So Kaliko went to Betsy's room and gave three
raps upon the door. The little girl had been
asleep, but she heard the raps and opened the
door.

"You may come out now," said Kaliko. "The King
has fled in disgrace and your friends are asking
for you."

So Betsy and Hank returned with the Royal
Chamberlain to the throne cavern, where she was
received with great joy by her friends. They told
her what had happened to Ruggedo and she told them
how kind Kaliko had been to her. Quox did not have
much to say until the conversation was ended, but
then he turned to Kaliko and asked:

"Do you suppose you could rule your nomes better
than Ruggedo has done?"

"Me?" stammered the Chamberlain, greatly
surprised by the question. "Well, I couldn't be a
worse King, I'm sure."

"Would the nomes obey you?" inquired the dragon.

"Of course," said Kaliko. "They like me better
than ever they did Ruggedo."

"Then hereafter you shall be the Metal Monarch,
King of the Nomes, and Tititi-Hoochoo expects you
to rule your Kingdom wisely and well," said Quox.

"Hooray!" cried Betsy; "I'm glad of that. King
Kaliko, I salute Your Majesty and wish you joy in
your gloomy old Kingdom!"

"We all wish him joy," said Polychrome; and then
the others made haste to congratulate the new
King.

"Will you release my dear brother?" asked
Shaggy.

"The Ugly One? Very willingly," replied Kaliko.
"I begged Ruggedo long ago to send him away, but
he would not do so. I also offered to help your
brother to escape, but he would not go."

"He's so conscientious!" said Shaggy, highly
pleased. "All of our family have noble natures.
But is my dear brother well?" he added anxiously.

"He eats and sleeps very steadily," replied the
new King.

"I hope he doesn't work too hard," said Shaggy.

"He doesn't work at all. In fact, there is
nothing he can do in these dominions as well as
our nomes, whose numbers are so great that it
worries us to keep them all busy. So your brother
has only to amuse himself."

"Why, it's more like visiting, than being a
prisoner," asserted Betsy.

"Not exactly," returned Kaliko. "A prisoner
cannot go where or when he pleases, and is not
his own master."

"Where is my brother now?" inquired Shaggy.

"In the Metal Forest."

"Where is that?"

"The Metal Forest is in the Great Domed Cavern,
the largest in all our dominions," replied Kaliko.
"It is almost like being out of doors, it is so
big, and Ruggedo made the wonderful forest to
amuse himself, as well as to tire out his hard-
working nomes. All the trees are gold and silver
and the ground is strewn with precious stones, so
it is a sort of treasury."

"Let us go there at once and rescue my dear
brother," pleaded Shaggy earnestly.

Kaliko hesitated.

"I don't believe I can find the way," said he.
"Ruggedo made three secret passages to the Metal
Forest, but he changes the location of these
passages every week, so that no one can get to the
Metal Forest without his permission. However, if
we look sharp, we may be able to discover one of
these secret ways."

"That reminds me to ask what has become of Queen
Ann and the Officers of Oogaboo," said Files.

"I'm sure I can't say," replied Kaliko.

"Do you suppose Ruggedo destroyed them?"

"Oh, no; I'm quite sure he didn't. They fell
into the big pit in the passage, and we put the
cover on to keep them there; but when the
executioners went to look for them they had all
disappeared from the pit and we could find no
trace of them."

"That's funny," remarked Betsy thoughtfully. "I
don't believe Ann knew any magic, or she'd have
worked it before. But to disappear like that seems
like magic; now, doesn't it?"

They agreed that it did, but no one could
explain the mystery.

"However," said Shaggy, "they are gone, that is
certain, so we cannot help them or be helped by
them. And the important thing just now is to
rescue my dear brother from captivity."

"Why do they call him the Ugly One?" asked
Betsy.

"I do not know," confessed Shaggy. "I can not
remember his looks very well, it is so long since
I have seen him; but all of our family are noted
for their handsome faces."

Betsy laughed and Shaggy seemed rather hurt; but
Polychrome relieved his embarrassment by saying
softly: "One can be ugly in looks, but lovely in
disposition."

"Our first task," said Shaggy, a little
comforted by this remark, "is to find one of those
secret passages to the Metal Forest."

"True," agreed Kaliko. "So I think I will
assemble the chief nomes of my kingdom in this
throne room and tell them that I am their new
King. Then I can ask them to assist us in
searching for the secret passages.

"That's a good idea," said the dragon, who
seemed to be getting sleepy again.

Kaliko went to the big gong and pounded on it
just as Ruggedo used to do; but no one answered
the summons.

"Of course not," said he, jumping up from the
throne, where he had seated himself. "That is my
call, and I am still the Royal Chamberlain, and
will be until I appoint another in my place."

So he ran out of the room and found Guph and
told him to answer the summons of the King's gong.
Having returned to the royal cavern, Kaliko first
pounded the gong and then sat in the throne,
wearing Ruggedo's discarded ruby crown and holding
in his hand the sceptre which Ruggedo had so often
thrown at his head.

When Guph entered he was amazed.

"Better get out of that throne before old
Ruggedo comes back," he said warningly.

"He isn't coming back, and I am now the King of
the Nomes, in his stead," announced Kaliko.

"All of which is quite true," asserted the
dragon, and all of those who stood around the
throne bowed respectfully to the new King.

Seeing this, Guph also bowed, for he was glad to
be rid of such a hard master as Ruggedo. Then
Kaliko, in quite a kingly way, informed Guph that
he was appointed the Royal Chamberlain, and
promised not to throw the sceptre at his head
unless he deserved it.

All this being pleasantly arranged, the new
Chamberlain went away to tell the news to all the
nomes of the underground Kingdom, every one of
whom would be delighted with the change in Kings.




Chapter Twenty

Quox Quietly Quits


When the chief nomes assembled before their new
King they joyfully saluted him and promised to
obey his commands. But, when Kaliko questioned
them, none knew the way to the Metal Forest,
although all had assisted in its making. So the
King instructed them to search carefully for one
of the passages and to bring him the news as soon
as they had found it.

Meantime Quox had managed to back out of the
rocky corridor and so regain the open air and his
old station on the mountain-side, and there he lay
upon the rocks, sound asleep, until the next day.
The others of the party were all given as good
rooms as the caverns of the nomes afforded, for
King Kaliko felt that he was indebted to them for
his promotion and was anxious to be as hospitable
as he could.

Much wonderment had been caused by the absolute
disappearance of the sixteen officers of Oogaboo
and their Queen. Not a nome had seen them, nor
were they discovered during the search for the
passages leading to the Metal Forest. Perhaps no
one was unhappy over their loss, but all were
curious to know what had become of them.

On the next day, when our friends went to visit
the dragon, Quox said to them: "I must now bid you
good-bye, for my mission here is finished and I
must depart for the other side of the world,
where I belong."

"Will you go through the Tube again?" asked
Betsy.

"To be sure. But it will be a lonely trip this
time, with no one to talk to, and I cannot invite
any of you to go with me. Therefore, as soon as I
slide into the hole I shall go to sleep, and when
I pop out at the other end I will wake up at
home."

They thanked the dragon for befriending them and
wished him a pleasant journey. Also they sent
their thanks to the great Jinjin, whose just
condemnation of Ruggedo had served their interests
so well. Then Quox yawned and stretched himself
and ambled over to the Tube, into which he slid
head-foremost and disappeared.

They really felt as if they had lost a friend,
for the dragon had been both kind and sociable
during their brief acquaintance with him; but they
knew it was his duty to return to his own country.
So they went back to the caverns to renew the
search for the hidden passages that led to the
forest, but for three days all efforts to find
them proved in vain.

It was Polychrome's custom to go every day to
the mountain and watch for her father, the
Rainbow, for she was growing tired with wandering
upon the earth and longed to rejoin her sisters in
their sky palaces. And on the third day, while she
sat motionless upon a point of rock, whom should
she see slyly creeping up the mountain but
Ruggedo!

The former King looked very forlorn. His clothes
were soiled and torn and he had no sandals upon
his feet or hat upon his head. Having left his
crown and sceptre behind when he fled, the old
nome no longer seemed kingly, but more like a
beggerman.

Several times had Ruggedo crept up to the
mouth of the caverns, only to find the six eggs
still on guard. He knew quite well that he must
accept his fate and become a homeless wanderer,
but his chief regret now was that he had neglected
to fill his pockets with gold and jewels. He was
aware that a wanderer with wealth at his command
would fare much better than one who was a pauper,
so he still loitered around the caverns wherein he
knew so much treasure was stored, hoping for a
chance to fill his pockets.

That was how he came to recollect the Metal
Forest.

"Aha!" said he to himself, "I alone know the way
to that Forest, and once there I can fill my
pockets with the finest jewels in all the world."

He glanced at his pockets and was grieved to
find them so small. Perhaps they might be
enlarged, so that they would hold more. He knew of
a poor woman who lived in a cottage at the foot of
the mountain, so he went to her and begged her to
sew pockets all over his robe, paying her with the
gift of a diamond ring which he had worn upon his
finger. The woman was delighted to possess so
valuable a ring and she sewed as many pockets on
Ruggedo's robe as she possibly could.

Then he returned up the mountain and, after
gazing cautiously around to make sure he was
not observed, he touched a spring in a rock and
it swung slowly backward, disclosing a broad
passageway. This he entered, swinging the rock
in place behind him.

However, Ruggedo had failed to look as carefully
as he might have done, for Polychrome was seated
only a little distance off and her clear eyes
marked exactly the manner in which Ruggedo had
released the hidden spring. So she rose and
hurried into the cavern, where she told Kaliko and
her friends of her discovery.

"I've no doubt that that is a way to the Metal
Forest," exclaimed Shaggy. "Come, let us follow
Ruggedo at once and rescue my poor brother!"

They agreed to this and King Kaliko called
together a band of nomes to assist them by
carrying torches to light their way.

"The Metal Forest has a brilliant light of its
own," said he, "but the passage across the valley
is likely to be dark."

Polychrome easily found the rock and touched the
spring, so in less than an hour after Ruggedo had
entered they were all in the passage and following
swiftly after the former King.

"He means to rob the Forest, I'm sure," said
Kaliko; "but he will find he is no longer of any
account in this Kingdom and I will have my nomes
throw him out."

"Then please throw him as hard as you can," said
Betsy, "for he deserves it. I don't mind an
honest, out-an'-out enemy, who fights square; but
changing girls into fiddles and ordering 'em put
into Slimy Caves is mean and tricky, and Ruggedo
doesn't deserve any sympathy. But you'll have to
let him take as much treasure as he can get in his
pockets, Kaliko."

"Yes, the Jinjin said so; but we won't miss it
much. There is more treasure in the Metal Forest
than a million nomes could carry in their
pockets."

It was not difficult to walk through this
passage, especially when the torches lighted the
way, so they made good progress. But it proved to
be a long distance and Betsy had tired herself
with walking and was seated upon the back of the
mule when the passage made a sharp turn and a
wonderful and glorious light burst upon them. The
next moment they were all standing upon the edge
of the marvelous Metal Forest.

It lay under another mountain and occupied a
great domed cavern, the roof of which was higher
than a church steeple. In this space the
industrious nomes had built, during many years of
labor, the most beautiful forest in the world. The
trees--trunks, branches and leaves--were all of
solid gold, while the bushes and underbrush were
formed of filigree silver, virgin pure. The trees
towered as high as natural live oaks do and were
of exquisite workmanship.

On the ground were thickly strewn precious gems
of every hue and size, while here and there among
the trees were paths pebbled with cut diamonds of
the clearest water. Taken all together, more
treasure was gathered in this Metal Forest than is
contained in all the rest of the world--if we
except the land of Oz, where perhaps its value is
equalled in the famous Emerald City.

Our friends were so amazed at the sight that for
a while they stood gazing in silent wonder. Then
Shaggy exclaimed.

"My brother! My dear lost brother! Is he indeed
a prisoner in this place?"

"Yes," replied Kaliko. "The Ugly One has been
here for two or three years, to my positive
knowledge."

"But what could he find to eat?" inquired
Betsy. "It's an awfully swell place to live in, but
one can't breakfast On rubies and di'monds, or
even gold."

"One doesn't need to, my dear," Kaliko assured
her. "The Metal Forest does not fill all of this
great cavern, by any means. Beyond these gold and
silver trees are other trees of the real sort,
which bear foods very nice to eat. Let us walk in
that direction, for I am quite sure we will find
Shaggy's brother in that part of the cavern,
rather than in this."

So they began to tramp over the diamond-pebbled
paths, and at every step they were more and more
bewildered by the wondrous beauty of the golden
trees with their glittering foliage.

Suddenly they heard a scream. Jewels scattered
in every direction as some one hidden among the
bushes scampered away before them. Then a loud
voice cried: "Halt!" and there was the sound of a
struggle.




Chapter Twenty-One

A Bashful Brother


With fast beating hearts they all rushed forward
and, beyond a group of stately metal trees, came
full upon a most astonishing scene.

There was Ruggedo in the hands of the officers
of Oogaboo, a dozen of whom were clinging to the
old nome and holding him fast in spite of his
efforts to escape. There also was Queen Ann,
looking grimly upon the scene of strife; but when
she observed her former companions approaching she
turned away in a shamefaced manner.

For Ann and her officers were indeed a sight to
behold. Her Majesty's clothing, once so rich and
gorgeous, was now worn and torn into shreds by her
long crawl through the tunnel, which, by the way,
had led her directly into the Metal Forest. It
was, indeed, one of the three secret passages, and
by far the most difficult of the three. Ann had
not only torn her pretty skirt and jacket, but her
crown had become bent and battered and even her
shoes were so cut and slashed that they were ready
to fall from her feet.

The officers had fared somewhat worse than their
leader, for holes were worn in the knees of their
trousers, while sharp points of rock in the roof
and sides of the tunnel had made rags of every
inch of their once brilliant uniforms. A more
tattered and woeful army never came out of a
battle, than these harmless victims of the rocky
passage. But it had seemed their only means of
escape from the cruel Nome King; so they had
crawled on, regardless of their sufferings.

When they reached the Metal Forest their eyes
beheld more plunder than they had ever dreamed of;
yet they were prisoners in this huge dome and
could not escape with the riches heaped about
them. Perhaps a more unhappy and homesick lot of
"conquerors" never existed than this band from
Oogaboo.

After several days of wandering in their
marvelous prison they were frightened by the
discovery that Ruggedo had come among them.
Rendered desperate by their sad condition, the
officers exhibited courage for the first time
since they left home and, ignorant of the fact
that Ruggedo was no longer King of the nomes, they
threw themselves upon him and had just succeeded
in capturing him when their fellow adventurers
reached the spot.

"Goodness gracious!" cried Betsy. "What has
happened to you all?"

Ann came forward to greet them, sorrowful and
indignant.

"We were obliged to escape from the pit through
a small tunnel, which was lined with sharp and
jagged rocks," said she, "and not only was our
clothing torn to rags but our flesh is so bruised
and sore that we are stiff and lame in every
joint. To add to our troubles we find we are still
prisoners; but now that we have succeeded in
capturing the wicked Metal Monarch we shall force
him to grant us our liberty."

"Ruggedo is no longer Metal Monarch, or King of
the nomes," Files informed her. "He has been
deposed and cast out of his kingdom by Quox; but
here is the new King, whose name is Kaliko, and I
am pleased to assure Your Majesty that he is our
friend."

"Glad to meet Your Majesty, I'm sure," said
Kaliko, bowing as courteously as if the Queen
still wore splendid raiment.

The officers, having heard this explanation, now
set Ruggedo free; but, as he had no place to go,
he stood by and faced his former servant, who was
now King in his place, in a humble and pleading
manner.

"What are you doing here?" asked Kaliko sternly.

"Why, I was promised as much treasure as I
could carry in my pockets," replied Ruggedo;
"so I came here to get it, not wishing to disturb
Your Majesty."

"You were commanded to leave the country of the
nomes forever!" declared Kaliko.

"I know; and I'll go as soon as I have filled my
pockets," said Ruggedo, meekly.

"Then fill them, and be gone," returned the new
King.

Ruggedo obeyed. Stooping down, he began
gathering up jewels by the handful and stuffing
them into his many pockets. They were heavy
things, these diamonds and rubies and emeralds and
amethysts and the like, so before long Ruggedo was
staggering with the weight he bore, while the
pockets were not yet filled. When he could no
longer stoop over without falling, Betsy and
Polychrome and the Rose Princess came to his
assistance, picking up the finest gems and tucking
them into his pockets.

At last these were all filled and Ruggedo
presented a comical sight, for surely no man ever
before had so many pockets, or any at all filled
with such a choice collection of precious stones.
He neglected to thank the young ladies for their
kindness, but gave them a surly nod of farewell
and staggered down the path by the way he had
come. They let him depart in silence, for with all
he had taken, the masses of jewels upon the ground
seemed scarcely to have been disturbed, so
numerous were they. Also they hoped they had seen
the last of the degraded King.

"I'm awful glad he's gone," said Betsy, sighing
deeply. "If he doesn't get reckless and spend his
wealth foolishly, he's got enough to start a bank
when he gets to Oklahoma."

"But my brother--my dear brother! Where is he?"
inquired Shaggy anxiously. "Have you seen him,
Queen Ann?"

"What does your brother look like?" asked the
Queen.

Shaggy hesitated to reply, but Betsy said: "He's
called the Ugly One. Perhaps you'll know him by
that."

"The only person we have seen in this cavern,"
said Ann, "has run away from us whenever we
approached him. He hides over yonder, among the
trees that are not gold, and we have never been
able to catch sight of his face. So I can not tell
whether he is ugly or not."

"That must be my dear brother!" exclaimed
Shaggy.

"Yes, it must be," assented Kaliko. "No one else
inhabits this splendid dome, so there can be no
mistake."

"But why does he hide among those green trees,
instead of enjoying all these glittery golden
ones?" asked Betsy.

"Because he finds food among the natural trees,"
replied Kaliko, "and I remember that he has built
a little house there, to sleep in. As for these
glittery golden trees, I will admit they are very
pretty at first sight. One cannot fail to admire
them, as well as the rich jewels scattered beneath
them; but if one has to look at them always, they
become pretty tame."

"I believe that is true," declared Shaggy. "My
dear brother is very wise to prefer real trees to
the imitation ones. But come; let us go there and
find him."

Shaggy started for the green grove at once, and
the others followed him, being curious to witness
the final rescue of his long-sought, long-lost
brother.

Not far from the edge of the grove they came
upon a small hut, cleverly made of twigs and
golden branches woven together. As they approached
the place they caught a glimpse of a form that
darted into the hut and slammed the door tight
shut after him.

Shaggy Man ran to the door and cried aloud:

"Brother! Brother!"

"Who calls," demanded a sad, hollow voice
from within.

"It is Shaggy--your own loving brother--who has
been searching for you a long time and has now
come to rescue you."

"Too late!" replied the gloomy voice. "No one
can rescue me now.

"Oh, but you are mistaken about that," said
Shaggy. "There is a new King of the nomes, named
Kaliko, in Ruggedo's place, and he has promised
you shall go free."

"Free! I dare not go free!" said the Ugly One,
in a voice of despair.

"Why not, Brother?" asked Shaggy, anxiously.

"Do you know what they have done to me?" came
the answer through the closed door.

"No. Tell me, Brother, what have they done?"

"When Ruggedo first captured me I was very
handsome. Don't you remember, Shaggy?"

"Not very well, Brother; you were so young when
I left home. But I remember that mother thought
you were beautiful."

"She was right! I am sure she was right," wailed
the prisoner. "But Ruggedo wanted to injure me--to
make me ugly in the eyes of all the world--so he
performed a wicked enchantment. I went to bed
beautiful--or you might say handsome--to be very
modest I will merely claim that I was good-
looking--and I wakened the next morning the
homeliest man in all the world! I am so repulsive
that when I look in a mirror I frighten myself."

"Poor Brother!" said Shaggy softly, and all the
others were silent from sympathy.

"I was so ashamed of my looks," continued the
voice of Shaggy's brother, "that I tried to hide;
but the cruel King Ruggedo forced me to appear
before all the legion of nomes, to whom he said:
'Behold the Ugly One!' But when the nomes saw my
face they all fell to laughing and jeering, which
prevented them from working at their tasks. Seeing
this, Ruggedo became angry and pushed me into a
tunnel, closing the rock entrance so that I could
not get out. I followed the length of the tunnel
until I reached this huge dome, where the
marvelous Metal Forest stands, and here I have
remained ever since.

"Poor Brother!" repeated Shaggy. "But I beg you
now to come forth and face us, who are your
friends. None here will laugh or jeer, however
unhandsome you may be."

"No, indeed," they all added pleadingly.

But the Ugly One refused the invitation.

"I cannot," said he; "indeed, I cannot face
strangers, ugly as I am."

Shaggy Man turned to the group surrounding him.

"What shall I do?" he asked in sorrowful tones.
"I cannot leave my dear brother here, and he
refuses to come out of that house and face us.

"I'll tell you," replied Betsy. "Let him put on
a mask."

"The very idea I was seeking!" exclaimed Shaggy
joyfully; and then he called out: "Brother, put a
mask over your face, and then none of us can see
what your features are like."

"I have no mask," answered the Ugly One.

"Look here," said Betsy; "he can use my
handkerchief."

Shaggy looked at the little square of cloth and
shook his head.

"It isn't big enough," he objected; "I'm sure it
isn't big enough to hide a man's face. But he can
use mine.

Saying this he took from his pocket his own
handkerchief and went to the door of the hut.

"Here, my Brother," he called, "take this
handkerchief and make a mask of it. I will also
pass you my knife, so that you may cut holes for
the eyes, and then you must tie it over your
face."

The door slowly opened, just far enough for the
Ugly One to thrust out his hand and take the
handkerchief and the knife. Then it closed again.

"Don't forget a hole for your nose," cried
Betsy. "You must breathe, you know."

For a time there was silence. Queen Ann and her
army sat down upon the ground to rest. Betsy sat
on Hank's back. Polychrome danced lightly up and
down the jeweled paths while Files and the
Princess wandered through the groves arm in arm.
Tik-Tok, who never tired, stood motionless.

By and by a noise sounded from within the hut.

"Are you ready?" asked Shaggy.

"Yes, Brother," came the reply and the door was
thrown open to allow the Ugly One to step forth.

Betsy might have laughed aloud had she not
remembered how sensitive to ridicule Shaggy's
brother was, for the handkerchief with which he
had masked his features was a red one covered with
big white polka dots. In this two holes had been
cut--in front of the eyes--while two smaller ones
before the nostrils allowed the man to breathe
freely. The cloth was then tightly drawn over the
Ugly One's face and knotted at the back of his
neck.

He was dressed in clothes that had once been
good, but now were sadly worn and frayed. His silk
stockings had holes in them, and his shoes were
stubtoed and needed blackening. "But what can you
expect," whispered Betsy, "when the poor man has
been a prisoner for so many years?"

Shaggy had darted forward, and embraced his
newly found brother with both his arms. The
brother also embraced Shaggy, who then led him
forward and introduced him to all the assembled
company.

"This is the new Nome King," he said when he
came to Kaliko. "He is our friend, and has granted
you your freedom."

"That is a kindly deed," replied Ugly in a sad
voice, "but I dread to go back to the world in
this direful condition. Unless I remain forever
masked, my dreadful face would curdle all the milk
and stop all the clocks."

"Can't the enchantment be broken in some way?"
inquired Betsy.

Shaggy looked anxiously at Kaliko, who shook his
head.

"I am sure I can't break the enchantment," he
said. "Ruggedo was fond of magic, and learned a
good many enchantments that we nomes know
nothing of."

"Perhaps Ruggedo himself might break his own
enchantment," suggested Ann; "but unfortunately we
have allowed the old King to escape."

"Never mind, my dear Brother," said Shaggy
consolingly; "I am very happy to have found you
again, although I may never see your face. So let
us make the most of this joyful reunion."

The Ugly One was affected to tears by this
tender speech, and the tears began to wet the red
handkerchief; so Shaggy gently wiped them away
with his coat sleeve.




Chapter Twenty-Two

Kindly Kisses


"Won't you be dreadful sorry to leave this lovely
place?" Betsy asked the Ugly One.

"No, indeed," said he. "Jewels and gold are cold
and heartless things, and I am sure I would
presently have died of loneliness had I not found
the natural forest at the edge of the artificial
one. Anyhow, without these real trees I should
soon have starved to death."

Betsy looked around at the quaint trees.

"I don't just understand that," she admitted.
"What could you find to eat here."

"The best food in the world," Ugly answered. "Do
you see that grove at your left?" he added,
pointing it out; "well, such trees as those do not
grow in your country, or in any other place but
this cavern. I have named them 'Hotel Trees,'
because they bear a certain kind of table d'hote
fruit called 'Three-Course Nuts.' "

"That's funny!" said Betsy. "What are the
'Three-Course Nuts' like?"

"Something like cocoanuts, to look at,"
explained the Ugly One. "All you have to do is to
pick one of them and then sit down and eat your
dinner. You first unscrew the top part and find a
cupfull of good soup. After you've eaten that, you
unscrew the middle part and find a hollow filled
with meat and potatoes, vegetables and a fine
salad. Eat that, and unscrew the next section, and
you come to the dessert in the bottom of the nut.
That is, pie and cake, cheese and crackers, and
nuts and raisins. The Three-Course Nuts are not
all exactly alike in flavor or in contents, but
they are all good and in each one may be found a
complete three-course dinner.

"But how about breakfasts?" inquired Betsy.

"Why, there are Breakfast Trees for that, which
grow over there at the right. They bear nuts, like
the others, only the nuts contain coffee or
chocolate, instead of soup; oatmeal instead of
meat-and-potatoes, and fruits instead of dessert.
Sad as has been my life in this wonderful prison,
I must admit that no one could live more
luxuriously in the best hotel in the world than I
have lived here; but I will be glad to get into
the open air again and see the good old sun and
the silvery moon and the soft green grass and the
flowers that are kissed by the morning dew. Ah,
how much more lovely are those blessed things than
the glitter of gems or the cold gleam of gold!"

"Of course," said Betsy. "I once knew a little
boy who wanted to catch the measles, because all
the little boys in his neighborhood but him had
'em, and he was really unhappy 'cause he couldn't
catch 'em, try as he would. So I'm pretty certain
that the things we want, and can't have, are not
good for us. Isn't that true, Shaggy?"

"Not always, my dear," he gravely replied. "If
we didn't want anything, we would never get
anything, good or bad. I think our longings are
natural, and if we act as nature prompts us we
can't go far wrong."

"For my part," said Queen Ann, "I think the
world would be a dreary place without the gold and
jewels."

"All things are good in their way," said Shaggy;
"but we may have too much of any good thing. And I
have noticed that the value of anything depends
upon how scarce it is, and how difficult it is to
obtain."

"Pardon me for interrupting you," said King
Kaliko, coming to their side, "but now that we
have rescued Shaggy's brother I would like to
return to my royal cavern. Being the King of the
Nomes, it is my duty to look after my restless
subjects and see that they behave themselves."

So they all turned and began walking through the
Metal Forest to the other side of the great domed
cave, where they had first entered it. Shaggy and
his brother walked side by side and both seemed
rejoiced that they were together after their long
separation. Betsy didn't dare look at the polka
dot handkerchief, for fear she would laugh aloud;
so she walked behind the two brothers and led Hank
by holding fast to his left ear.

When at last they reached the place where the
passage led to the outer world, Queen Ann said, in
a hesitating way that was unusual with her:

"I have not conquered this Nome Country, nor do
I expect to do so; but I would like to gather a
few of these pretty jewels before I leave this
place."

"Help yourself, ma'am," said King Kaliko, and at
once the officers of the Army took advantage of
his royal permission and began filling their
pockets, while Ann tied a lot of diamonds in a big
handkerchief.

This accomplished, they all entered the passage,
the nomes going first to light the way with their
torches. They had not proceeded far when Betsy
exclaimed:

"Why, there are jewels here, too!"

All eyes were turned upon the ground and they
found a regular trail of jewels strewn along the
rock floor.

"This is queer!" said Kaliko, much surprised. "I
must send some of my nomes to gather up these gems
and replace them in the Metal Forest, where they
belong. I wonder how they came to be here?"

All the way along the passage they found this
trail of jewels, but when they neared the end the
mystery was explained. For there, squatted upon
the floor with his back to the rock wall, sat old
Ruggedo, puffing and blowing as if he was all
tired out. Then they realized it was he who had
scattered the jewels, from his many pockets, which
one by one had burst with the weight of their
contents as he had stumbled along the passage.

"But I don't mind," said Ruggedo, with a deep
sigh. "I now realize that I could not have carried
such a weighty load very far, even had I managed
to escape from this passage with it. The woman who
sewed the pockets on my robe used poor thread, for
which I shall thank her."

"Have you any jewels left?" inquired Betsy.

He glanced into some of the remaining
pockets.

"A few," said he, "but they will be sufficient
to supply my wants, and I no longer have any
desire to be rich. If some of you will kindly help
me to rise, I'll get out of here and leave you,
for I know you all despise me and prefer my room
to my company.

Shaggy and Kaliko raised the old King to his
feet, when he was confronted by Shaggy's brother,
whom he now noticed for the first time. The queer
and unexpected appearance of the Ugly One so
startled Ruggedo that he gave a wild cry and began
to tremble, as if he had seen a ghost.

"Wh--wh--who is this?" he faltered.

"I am that helpless prisoner whom your cruel
magic transformed from a handsome man into an ugly
one!" answered Shaggy's brother, in a voice of
stern reproach.

"Really, Ruggedo," said Betsy, "you ought to be
ashamed of that mean trick."

"I am, my dear," admitted Ruggedo, who was now
as meek and humble as formerly he had been cruel
and vindictive.

"Then," returned the girl, "you'd better do some
more magic and give the poor man his own face
again."

"I wish I could," answered the old King; "but
you must remember that Tititi-Hoochoo has deprived
me of all my magic powers. However, I never took
the trouble to learn just how to break the charm I
cast over Shaggy's brother, for I intended he
should always remain ugly."

"Every charm," remarked pretty Polychrome, "has
its antidote; and, if you knew this charm of
ugliness, Ruggedo, you must have known how to
dispel it."

He shook his head.

"If I did, I--I've forgotten," he stammered
regretfully.

"Try to think!" pleaded Shaggy, anxiously.
"Please try to think!"

Ruggedo ruffled his hair with both hands,
sighed, slapped his chest, rubbed his ear, and
stared stupidly around the group.

"I've a faint recollection that there was one
thing that would break the charm," said he; "but
misfortune has so addled my brain that I can't
remember what it was."

"See here, Ruggedo," said Betsy, sharply, "we've
treated you pretty well, so far, but we won't
stand for any nonsense, and if you know what's
good for yourself you'll think of that charm!"

"Why?" he demanded, turning to look wonderingly
at the little girl.

"Because it means so much to Shaggy's brother.
He's dreadfully ashamed of himself, the way he is
now, and you're to blame for it. Fact is, Ruggedo,
you've done so much wickedness in your life that
it won't hurt you to do a kind act now."

Ruggedo blinked at her, and sighed again, and
then tried very hard to think.

"I seem to remember, dimly," said he, "that a
certain kind of a kiss will break the charm of
ugliness."

"What kind of a kiss?"

"What kind? Why, it was--it was--it was either
the kiss of a Mortal Maid; or--or--the kiss of a
Mortal Maid who had once been a Fairy; or--or the
kiss of one who is still a Fairy. I can't remember
which. But of course no maid, mortal or fairy,
would ever consent to kiss a person so ugly--so
dreadfully, fearfully, terribly ugly--as Shaggy's
brother."

"I'm not so sure of that," said Betsy, with
admirable courage; "I'm a Mortal Maid, and if it
is my kiss that will break this awful charm, I--
I'll do it!"

Oh, you really couldn't," protested Ugly. "I
would be obliged to remove my mask, and--when you
saw my face, nothing could induce you to kiss me,
generous as you are."

"Well, as for that," said the little girl, "I
needn't see your face at all. Here's my plan: You
stay in this dark passage, and we'll send away the
nomes with their torches. Then you'll take off the
handkerchief, and I--I'll kiss you."

"This is awfully kind of you, Betsy!" said
Shaggy, gratefully.

"Well, it surely won't kill me," she replied;
"and, if it makes you and your brother happy, I'm
willing to take some chances."

So Kaliko ordered the torch-bearers to leave the
passage, which they did by going through the rock
opening. Queen Ann and her army also went out; but
the others were so interested in Betsy's
experiment that they remained grouped at the mouth
of the passageway. When the big rock swung into
place, closing tight the opening, they were left
in total darkness.

"Now, then," called Betsy in a cheerful voice,
"have you got that handkerchief off your face,
Ugly?"

"Yes," he replied.

"Well, where are you, then?" she asked, reaching
out her arms.

"Here," said he.

"You'll have to stoop down, you know."

He found her hands and clasping them in his own
stooped until his face was near to that of the
little girl. The others heard a clear, smacking
kiss, and then Betsy exclaimed:

"There! I've done it, and it didn't hurt a bit!"

"Tell me, dear brother; is the charm broken?"
asked Shaggy.

"I do not know," was the reply. "It may be, or
it may not be. I cannot tell."

"Has anyone a match?" inquired Betsy.

"I have several," said Shaggy.

"Then let Ruggedo strike one of them and look at
your brother's face, while we all turn our backs.
Ruggedo made your brother ugly, so I guess he can
stand the horror of looking at him, if the charm
isn't broken."

Agreeing to this, Ruggedo took the match and
lighted it. He gave one look and then blew out
the match.

"Ugly as ever!" he said with a shudder. "So it
wasn't the kiss of a Mortal Maid, after all."

"Let me try," proposed the Rose Princess, in her
sweet voice. "I am a Mortal Maid who was once a
Fairy. Perhaps my kiss will break the charm."

Files did not wholly approve of this, but he was
too generous to interfere. So the Rose Princess
felt her way through the darkness to Shaggy's
brother and kissed him.

Ruggedo struck another match, while they all
turned away.

"No," announced the former King; "that didn't
break the charm, either. It must be the kiss of a
Fairy that is required--or else my memory has
failed me altogether."

"Polly," said Betsy, pleadingly, "won't you
try?"

"Of course I will!" answered Polychrome, with a
merry laugh. "I've never kissed a mortal man in
all the thousands of years I have existed, but
I'll do it to please our faithful Shaggy Man,
whose unselfish affection for his ugly brother
deserves to be rewarded."

Even as Polychrome was speaking she tripped
lightly to the side of the Ugly One and quickly
touched his cheek with her lips.

"Oh, thank you--thank you!" he fervently cried.
"I've changed, this time, I know. I can feel it!
I'm different. Shaggy--dear Shaggy--I am myself
again!"

Files, who was near the opening, touched the
spring that released the big rock and it suddenly
swung backward and let in a flood of daylight.

Everyone stood motionless, staring hard at
Shaggy's brother, who, no longer masked by the
polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a
glad smile.

"Well," said Shaggy Man, breaking the silence at
last and drawing a long, deep breath of
satisfaction, "you are no longer the Ugly One, my
dear brother; but, to be entirely frank with you,
the face that belongs to you is no more handsome
than it ought to be."

"I think he's rather good looking," remarked
Betsy, gazing at the man critically.

"In comparison with what he was," said King
Kaliko, "he is really beautiful. You, who never
beheld his ugliness, may not understand that; but
it was my misfortune to look at the Ugly One many
times, and I say again that, in comparison with
what he was, the man is now beautiful."

"All right," returned Betsy, briskly, "we'll
take your word for it, Kaliko. And now let us get
out of this tunnel and into the world again."




Chapter Twenty-Three

Ruggedo Reforms


It did not take them long to regain the royal
cavern of the Nome King, where Kaliko ordered
served to them the nicest refreshments the place
afforded.

Ruggedo had come trailing along after the rest
of the party and while no one paid any attention
to the old King they did not offer any objection
to his presence or command him to leave them. He
looked fearfully to see if the eggs were still
guarding the entrance, but they had now
disappeared; so he crept into the cavern after the
others and humbly squatted down in a corner of the
room.

There Betsy discovered him. All of the little
girl's companions were now so happy at the success
of Shaggy's quest for his brother, and the
laughter and merriment seemed so general, that
Betsy's heart softened toward the friendless old
man who had once been their bitter enemy, and she
carried to him some of the food and drink.
Ruggedo's eyes filled with tears at this
unexpected kindness. He took the child's hand in
his own and pressed it gratefully.

"Look here, Kaliko," said Betsy, addressing the
new King, "what's the use of being hard on
Ruggedo? All his magic power is gone, so he can't
do any more harm, and I'm sure he's sorry he acted
so badly to everybody."

"Are you?" asked Kaliko, looking down at his
former master.

"I am," said Ruggedo. "The girl speaks truly.
I'm sorry and I'm harmless. I don't want to wander
through the wide world, on top of the ground, for
I'm a nome. No nome can ever be happy any place
but underground."

"That being the case," said Kaliko, "I will let
you stay here as long as you behave yourself;
but, if you try to act badly again, I shall drive
you out, as Tititi-Hoochoo has commanded, and
you'll have to wander."

"Never fear. I'll behave," promised Ruggedo. "It
is hard work being a King, and harder still to be
a good King. But now that I am a common nome I am
sure I can lead a blameless life."

They were all pleased to hear this and to know
that Ruggedo had really reformed.

"I hope he'll keep his word," whispered Betsy to
Shaggy; "but if he gets bad again we will be far
away from the Nome Kingdom and Kaliko will have to
'tend to the old nome himself."

Polychrome had been a little restless during the
last hour or two. The lovely Daughter of the Rain
how knew that she had now done all in her power to
assist her earth friends, and so she began to long
for her sky home.

"I think," she said, after listening intently,
"that it is beginning to rain. The Rain King is my
uncle, you know, and perhaps he has read my
thoughts and is going to help me. Anyway I must
take a look at the sky and make sure."

So she jumped up and ran through the passage to
the outer entrance, and they all followed after
her and grouped themselves on a ledge of the
mountain-side. Sure enough, dark clouds had filled
the sky and a slow, drizzling rain had set in.

"It can't last for long," said Shaggy, looking
upward, "and when it stops we shall lose the sweet
little fairy we have learned to love. Alas," he
continued, after a moment, "the clouds are already
breaking in the west, and--see!--isn't that the
Rainbow coming?"

Betsy didn't look at the sky; she looked at
Polychrome, whose happy, smiling face surely
foretold the coming of her father to take her to
the Cloud Palaces. A moment later a gleam of
sunshine flooded the mountain and a gorgeous
Rainbow appeared.

With a cry of gladness Polychrome sprang upon a
point of rock and held out her arms. Straightway
the Rainbow descended until its end was at her
very feet, when with a graceful leap she sprang
upon it and was at once clasped in
the arms of her radiant sisters, the Daughters of
the Rainbow. But Polychrome released herself
to lean over the edge of the glowing arch and
nod, and smile and throw a dozen kisses to her
late comrades.

"Good-bye!" she called, and they all shouted
"Good-bye!" in return and waves their hands to
their pretty friend.

Slowly the magnificent bow lifted and melted
into the sky, until the eyes of the earnest
watchers saw only fleecy clouds flitting across
the blue.

"I'm dreadful sorry to see Polychrome go,"
said Betsy, who felt like crying; "but I s'pose
she'll be a good deal happier with her sisters in
the sky palaces."

"To be sure," returned Shaggy, nodding
gravely. "It's her home, you know, and those
poor wanderers who, like ourselves, have no
home, can realize what the means to her."

"Once," said Betsy, "I, too, had a home. Now,
I've only--only--dear old Hank!"

She twined her arms around her shaggy friend who
was not human, and he said: "Hee-haw!" in a tone
that showed he understood her mood. And the shaggy
friend who was human stroked the child's head
tenderly and said: "You're wrong about that,
Betsy, dear. I will never desert you."

"Nor I!" exclaimed Shaggy's brother, in earnest
tones.

The little girl looked up at them gratefully,
and her eyes smiled through their tears.

"All right," she said. "It's raining again, so
let's go back into the cavern."

Rather soberly, for all loved Polychrome and
would miss her, they reentered the dominions of
the Nome King.




Chapter Twenty-Four

Dorothy is Delighted


"Well," said Queen Ann, when all were again seated
in Kaliko's royal cavern, "I wonder what we shall
do next. If I could find my way back to Oogaboo
I'd take my army home at once, for I'm sick and
tired of these dreadful hardships."

"Don't you want to conquer the world?" asked Betsy.

"No; I've changed my mind about that," admitted
the Queen. "The world is too big for one person to
conquer and I was happier with my own people in
Oogaboo. I wish--Oh, how earnestly I wish--that I
was back there this minute!"

"So do I!" yelled every officer in a fervent
tone.

Now, it is time for the reader to know that in
the far-away Land of Oz the lovely Ruler, Ozma,
had been following the adventures of her Shaggy
Man, and Tik-Tok, and all the others they had met.
Day by day Ozma, with the wonderful Wizard of Oz
seated beside her, had gazed upon a Magic Picture
in a radium frame, which occupied one side of the
Ruler's cosy boudoir in the palace of the Emerald
City. The singular thing about this Magic Picture
was that it showed whatever scene Ozma wished to
see, with the figures all in motion, just as it
was taking place. So Ozma and the Wizard had
watched every action of the adventurers from the
time Shaggy had met shipwrecked Betsy and Hank in
the Rose Kingdom, at which time the Rose Princess,
a distant cousin of Ozma, had been exiled by her
heartless subjects.

When Ann and her people so earnestly wished to
return to Oogaboo, Ozma was sorry for them and
remembered that Oogaboo was a corner of the Land
of Oz. She turned to her attendant and asked:

"Can not your magic take these unhappy people to
their old home, Wizard?"

"It can, Your Highness," replied the little
Wizard.

"I think the poor Queen has suffered enough in
her misguided effort to conquer the world," said
Ozma, smiling at the absurdity of the undertaking,
"so no doubt she will hereafter be contented in
her own little Kingdom. Please send her there,
Wizard, and with her the officers and Files."

"How about the Rose Princess?" asked the Wizard.

"Send her to Oogaboo with Files," answered Ozma.
"They have become such good friends that I am sure
it would make them unhappy to separate them."

"Very well," said the Wizard, and without any
fuss or mystery whatever he performed a magical
rite that was simple and effective. Therefore
those seated in the Nome King's cavern were both
startled and amazed when all the people of Oogaboo
suddenly disappeared from the room, and with them
the Rose Princess. At first they could not
understand it at all; but presently Shaggy
suspected the truth, and believing that Ozma was
now taking an interest in the party he drew from
his pocket a tiny instrument which he placed
against his ear.

Ozma, observing this action in her Magic
Picture, at once caught up a similar instrument
from a table beside her and held it to her own
ear. The two instruments recorded the same
delicate vibrations of sound and formed a wireless
telephone, an invention of the Wizard. Those
separated by any distance were thus enabled to
converse together with perfect ease and without
any wire connection.

"Do you hear me, Shaggy Man?" asked Ozma.

"Yes, Your Highness," he replied.

"I have Sent the people of Oogaboo back to their
own little valley," announced the Ruler of Oz; "so
do not worry over their disappearance."

"That was very kind of you," said Shaggy. "But
Your Highness must permit me to report that my own
mission here is now ended. I have found my lost
brother, and he is now beside me, freed from the
enchantment of ugliness which Ruggedo cast upon
him. Tik-Tok has served me and my comrades
faithfully, as you requested him to do, and I hope
you will now transport the Clockwork Man back to
your fairyland of Oz."

"I will do that," replied Ozma. "But how
about yourself, Shaggy?"

"I have been very happy in Oz," he said, "but my
duty to others forces me to exile myself from that
delightful land. I must take care of my new-found
brother, for one thing, and I have a new comrade
in a dear little girl named Betsy Bobbin, who has
no home to go to, and no other friends but me and
a small donkey named Hank. I have promised Betsy
never to desert her as long as she needs a friend,
and so I must give up the delights of the Land of
Oz forever."

He said this with a sigh of regret, and Ozma
made no reply but laid the tiny instrument on her
table, thus cutting off all further communication
with the Shaggy Man. But the lovely Ruler of Oz
still watched her magic picture, with a thoughtful
expression upon her face, and the little Wizard of





TOM SWIFT AND HIS SKY RACER
or
The Quickest Flight on Record

By
VICTOR APPLETON



CONTENTS
    I  The Prize Offer
   II  Mr. Swift Is Ill
  III  The Plans Disappear
   IV  Anxious Days
    V  Building the Sky Racer
   VI  Andy Foger Will Contest
  VII  Seeking a Clue
 VIII  The Empty Shed
   IX  A Trial Flight
    X  A Midnight Intruder
   XI  Tom Is Hurt
  XII  Miss Nestor Calls
 XIII  A Clash with Andy
  XIV  The Great Test
   XV  A Noise in the Night
  XVI  A Mysterious Fire
 XVII  Mr. Swift Is Worse
XVIII  The Broken Bridge
  XIX  A Nervy Specialist
   XX  Just in Time
  XXI  "Will He Live?"
 XXII  Off to the Meet
XXIII  The Great Race
 XXIV  Won by a Length
  XXV  Home Again--Conclusion

TOM SWIFT AND HIS SKY RACER




Chapter One

The Prize Offer


"Is this Tom Swift, the inventor of several airships?"

The man who had rung the bell glanced at the youth who
answered his summons.

"Yes, I'm Tom Swift," was the reply. "Did you wish to see me?"

"I do. I'm Mr. James Gunmore, secretary of the Eagle Park
Aviation Association. I had some correspondence with you
about a prize contest we are going to hold. I believe--"

"Oh, yes, I remember now," and the young inventor smiled
pleasantly as he opened wider the door of his home. "Won't
you come in? My father will be glad to see you. He is as
much interested in airships as I am." And Tom led the way to
the library, where the secretary of the aviation society was
soon seated in a big, comfortable leather chair.

"I thought we could do better, and perhaps come to some
decision more quickly, if I came to see you, than if we
corresponded," went on Mr. Gunmore. "I hope I haven't
disturbed you at any of your inventions," and the secretary
smiled at the youth.

"No. I'm through for to-day," replied Tom. "I'm glad to
see you. I thought at first it was my chum, Ned Newton. He
generally runs over in the evening."

"Our society, as I wrote you, Mr. Swift, is planning to
hold a very large and important aviation meet at Eagle Park,
which is a suburb of Westville, New York State. We expect to
have all the prominent 'bird-men' there, to compete for
prizes, and your name was mentioned. I wrote to you, as you
doubtless recall, asking if you did not care to enter."

"And I think I wrote you that my big aeroplane-dirigible,
the Red Cloud, was destroyed in Alaska, during a recent trip
we made to the caves of ice there, after gold," replied Tom.

"Yes, you did," admitted Mr. Gunmore, "and while our
committee was very sorry to hear that, we hoped you might
have some other air craft that you could enter at our meet.
We want to make it as complete as possible, and we all feel
that it would not be so unless we had a Swift aeroplane
there."

"It's very kind of you to say so," remarked Tom, "but
since my big craft was destroyed I really have nothing I
could enter."

"Haven't you an aeroplane of any kind? I made this trip
especially to get you to enter. Haven't you anything in
which you could compete for the prizes? There are several to
be offered, some for distance flights, some for altitude,
and the largest, ten thousand dollars, for the speediest
craft. Ten thousand dollars is the grand prize, to be
awarded for the quickest flight on record."

"I surely would like to try for that," said Tim, "but the
only craft I have is a small monoplane, the Butterfly, I
call it, and while it is very speedy, there have been such
advances made in aeroplane construction since I made mine
that I fear I would be distanced if I raced in her. And I
wouldn't like that."

"No," agreed Mr. Gunmore. "I suppose not. Still, I do wish
we could induce you to enter. I don't mind telling you that
we consider you a drawing-card. Can't we induce you, some
way?"

"I'm afraid not. I haven't any machine which--"

"Look here!" exclaimed the secretary eagerly. "Why can't
you build a special aeroplane to enter in the next meet?
You'll have plenty of time, as it doesn't come off for three
months yet. We are only making the preliminary arrangements.
It is now June, and the meet is scheduled for early in
September. Couldn't you build a new and speedy aeroplane in
that time?"

Eagerly Mr. Gunmore waited for the answer. Tom Swift
seemed to be considering it. There was an increased
brightness to his eyes, and one could tell that he was
thinking deeply. The secretary sought to clinch his
argument.

"I believe, from what I have heard of your work in the
past, that you could build an aeroplane which would win the
ten-thousand-dollar prize," he went on. "I would be very
glad if you did win it, and, so I think, would be the
gentlemen associated with me in this enterprise. It would be
fine to have a New York State youth win the grand prize.
Come, Tom Swift, build a special craft, and enter the
contest!"

As he paused for an answer footsteps were heard coming
along the hall, and a moment later an aged gentleman opened
the door of the library.

"Oh! Excuse me, Tom," he said, "I didn't know you had
company." And he was about to withdraw.

"Don't go, father," said Tom. "You will be as much
interested in this as I am. This is Mr. Gunmore, of the
Eagle Park Aviation Association. This is my father, Mr.
Gunmore."

"I've heard of you," spoke the secretary as he shook hands
with the aged inventor. "You and your son have made, in
aeronautics, a name to be proud of."

"And he wants us to go still farther, dad," broke in the
youth. "Me wants me to build a specially speedy aeroplane,
and race for ten thousand dollars."

"Hum!" mused Mr. Swift. "Well, are you going to do it,
Tom? Seems to me you ought to take a rest. You haven't been
back from your gold-hunting trip to Alaska long enough to
more than catch your breath, and now--"

"Oh, he doesn't have to go in this right away," eagerly
explained Mr. Gunmore. "There is plenty of time to make a
new craft."

"Well, Tom can do as he likes about it," said his father.
"Do you think you could build anything speedier than your
Butterfly, son?"

"I think so, father. That is, if you'd help me. I have a
plan partly thought out, but it will take some time to
finish it. Still, I might get it done in time."

"I hope you'll try!" exclaimed the secretary. "May I ask
whether it would be a monoplane or a biplane?"

"A monoplane, I think," answered Tom. "They are much more
speedy than the double-deckers, and if I'm going to try for
the ten thousand dollars I need the fastest machine I can
build."

"We have the promise of one or two very fast monoplanes
for the meet," went on Mr. Gunmore. "Would yours be of a
new type?"

"I think it would," was the reply of the young inventor.
"In fact, I am thinking of making a smaller monoplane than
any that have yet been constructed, and yet one that will
carry two persons. The hardest work will be to make the
engine light enough and still have it sufficiently powerful
to make over a hundred miles an hour, if necessary.

"A hundred miles an hour in a small monoplane!  It isn't
possible!" cried the secretary.

"I'll make better time than that," said Tom quietly, and
with not a trace of boasting in his tones.

"Then you'll enter the meet?" asked Mr. Gunmore eagerly.

"Well, I'll think about it," promised Tom. "I'll let you
know in a few days. Meanwhile, I'll be thinking out the
details for my new craft. I have been going to build one
ever since I got back, after having seen my Red Cloud
crushed in the ice cave. Now I think I had better begin
active work."

"I hope you will soon let me know," resumed the secretary.
"I'm going to put you down as a possible contestant for the
ten-thousand-dollar prize. That can do no harm, and I hope
you win it. I trust--"

He paused suddenly, and listened. So did Tom Swift and his
father, for they all distinctly heard stealthy footsteps
under the open windows of the library.

"Some one is out there, listening," said Tom in low tones.

"Perhaps it's Eradicate Sampson," suggested Mr. Swift,
referring to the eccentric colored man who was employed by
the inventor and his son to help around the place. "Very
likely it was Eradicate, Tom."

"I don't think so," was the lad's answer. "He went to the
village a while ago, and said he wouldn't be back until late
to-night. He had to get some medicine for his mule,
Boomerang, who is sick. No, it wasn't Eradicate; but some
one was under that window, trying to hear what we said."

As he spoke in guarded tones, Tom went softly to the
casement and looked out. He could observe nothing, as the
night was dark, and the new moon, which had been shining,
was now dimmed by clouds.

"See anything?" asked Mr. Gunmore as he advanced to Tom's
side.

"No," was the low answer. I can't hear anything now,
either."

"I'll go speak to Mrs. Baggert, the housekeeper,"
volunteered Mr. Swift. "Perhaps it was she, or she may know
something about it."

He started from the room, and as he went Tom noticed, with
something of a start, that his father appeared older that
night than he had ever looked before. There was a trace of
pain on the face of the aged inventor, and his step was
lagging.

"I guess dad needs a rest and doctoring up," thought the
young inventor as he turned the electric chandelier off by a
button on the wall, in order to darken the room, so that he
might peer out to better advantage. "I think he's been
working too hard on his wireless motor. I must get Dr.
Gladby to come over and see dad. But now I want to find out
who that was under this window."

Once more Tom looked out. The moon had emerged from behind
a thin bank of clouds, and gave a little light.

"See anything?" asked Mr. Gunmore cautiously.

"No," whispered the youth, for it being a warm might, the
windows were open top and bottom, a screen on the outside
keeping out mosquitoes and other insects. "I can't see a
thing," went on Tom, "but I'm sure--"

He paused suddenly. As he spoke there sounded a rustling
in the shrubbery a little distance from the window.

"There's something!" exclaimed Mr. Gunmore.

"I see!" answered the young inventor.

Without another word he softly opened the screen, and
then, stooping down to get under the lower sash (for the
windows in the library ran all the way to the floor), Tom
dropped out of the casement upon the thick grass.

As he did so he was aware of a further movement in the
bushes. They were violently agitated, and a second later a
dark object sprang from them and sprinted along the path.

"Here! Who are you? Hold on!" cried the young inventor.

But the figure never halted. Tom sprang forward,
determined to see who it was, and, if possible, capture
him.

"Hold on!" he cried again. There was no answer.

Tom was a good runner, and in a few seconds he had gained
on the fugitive, who could just be seen in the dim light
from the crescent moon.

"I've got you!" cried Tom.

But he was mistaken, for at that instant his foot caught
on the outcropping root of a tree, and the young inventor
went flat on his face.

"Just my luck!" he cried.

He was quickly on his feet again, and took after the
fugitive. The latter glanced back, and, as it happened, Tom
had a good look at his face. He almost came to a stop, so
startled was he.

"Andy Foger!" he exclaimed as he recognized the bully who
had always proved himself such an enemy of our hero. "Andy
Foger sneaking under my windows to hear what I had to say
about my new aeroplane! I wonder what his game can be? I'll
soon find out!"

Tom was about to resume the chase, when he lost sight of
the figure. A moment later he heard the puffing of an
automobile, as some one cranked it up.

"It's too late!" exclaimed Tom. "There he goes in his
car!" And knowing it would be useless to keep up the chase,
the youth turned back toward his house.




Chapter Two

Mr. Swift is Ill


"Who was it?" asked Mr. Gunmore as Tom again entered the library. 
"A friend of yours?"

"Hardly a friend," replied Tom grimly. "It was a young
fellow who has made lots of trouble for me in the past, and
who, lately, with his father, tried to get ahead of me and
some friends of mine in locating a gold claim in Alaska. I
don't know what he's up to now, but certainly it wasn't any
good. He's got nerve, sneaking up under our windows!"

"What do you think was his object?"

"It would he hard to say."

"Can't you find him to-morrow, and ask him?"

"There's not much satisfaction in that. The less I have to
do with Andy Foger the better I'm satisfied. Well, perhaps
it's just as well I fell, and couldn't catch him. There
would have been a fight, and I don't want to worry dad any
more than I can help. He hasn't been very well of late."

"No, he doesn't look very strong," agreed the secretary.
"But I hope he doesn't get sick, and I hope no bad
consequences result from the eavesdropping of this Foger
fellow."

Tom started for the hall, to get a brush with which to
remove some of the dust gathered in his chase after Andy. As
he opened the library door to go out Mr. Swift came in
again.

"I saw Mrs. Baggert, Tom," he said. "She wasn't out under
the window, and, as you said, Eradicate isn't about. His
mule is in the barn, so it couldn't have been the animal
straying around."

"No, dad. It was Andy Foger."

"Andy Foger!"

"Yes. I couldn't catch him. But you'd better go lie down,
father. It's getting late, and you look tired."

"I am tired, Tom, and I think I'll go to bed. Have you
finished your arrangements with Mr. Gunmore?"

"Well, I guess we've gone as far as we can until I invent
the new aeroplane," replied Tom, with a smile.

"Then you'll really enter the meet?" asked the secretary
eagerly.

"I think I will," decided Tom. "The prize of ten thousand
dollars is worth trying for, and besides that, I'll be glad
to get to work again on a speedy craft. Yes, I'll enter the
meet."

"Good!" exclaimed Mr. Gunmore, shaking hands with the
young inventor. "I didn't have my trip for nothing, then.
I'll go back in the morning and report to the committee that
I've been successful. I am greatly obliged to you."

He left the Swift home, after refusing Tom's invitation to
remain all night, and went to his hotel. Tom then insisted
that his father retire.

As for the young inventor, he was not satisfied with the
result of his attempt to catch Andy Foger. He had no idea
why the bully was hiding under the library window, but Tom
surmised that some mischief might be afoot.

"Sam Snedecker or Pete Bailey, the two cronies of Andy,
may still be around here, trying to play some trick on me,"
mused Tom. "I think I'll take a look outside." And taking a
stout cane from the umbrella rack, the youth sallied forth
into the yard and extensive grounds surrounding his house.

While he is thus looking for possible intruders we will
tell you a little more about him than has been possible
since the call of the aviation secretary.

Tom Swift lived with his father, Barton Swift, in the town
of Shopton, New York State. The young man had followed in
the footsteps of his parent, and was already an inventor of
note.

Their home was presided over by Mrs. Baggert, as
housekeeper, since Mrs. Swift had been dead several years.
In addition, there was Garret Jackson, an engineer, who
aided Tom and his father, and Eradicate Sampson, an odd
colored man, who, with his mule, Boomerang, worked about the
place.

In the first volume of this series, entitled "Tom Swift
and his Motor-Cycle," here was related how he came to
possess that machine. A certain Mr. Wakefield Damon, an
eccentric gentleman, who was always blessing himself, or
something about him, owned the cycle, but he came to grief
on it, and sold it to Tom very cheaply.

Tom had a number of adventures on the wheel, and, after
having used the motor to save a valuable patent model from a
gang of unscrupulous men, the lad acquired possession of a
power boat, in which he made several trips, and took part in
many exciting happenings.

Some time later, in company with John Sharp, an aeronaut,
whom Tom had rescued from Lake Carlopa, after the airman had
nearly lost his life in a burning balloon, the young
inventor made a big airship, called the Red Cloud. With Mr.
Damon, Tom made several trips in this craft, as set forth in
the book, "Tom Swift and His Airship."

It was after this that Tom and his father built a
submarine boat, and went under the ocean for sunken
treasure, and, following that trip Tom built a speedy
electric runabout, and by a remarkable run in that, with Mr.
Damon, saved a bank from ruin, bringing gold in time to
stave off a panic.

"Tom Swift and His Wireless Message" told of the young
inventor's plan to save the castaways of Earthquake Island,
and how he accomplished it by constructing a wireless plant
from the remains of the wrecked airship Whizzer. After Tom
got back from Earthquake Island he went with Mr. Barcoe
Jenks, whom he met on the ill-fated bit of land, to discover
the secret of the diamond makers. They found the mysterious
men, but the trip was not entirely successful, for the
mountain containing the cave where the diamonds were made
was destroyed by a lightning shock, just as Mr. Parker, a
celebrated scientist, who accompanied the party, said it
would be.

But his adventure in seeking to discover the secret of
making precious stones did not satisfy Tom Swift, and when
he and his friends got back from the mountains they prepared
to go to Alaska to search for gold in the caves of ice. They
were almost defeated in their purpose by the actions of Andy
Foger and his father, who in an under-hand manner, got
possession of a valuable map, showing the location of the
gold, and made a copy of the drawing.

Then, when Tom and his friends set off in the Red Cloud,
as related in "Tom Swift in the Caves of Ice," the Fogers,
in another airship, did likewise. But Tom and his party were
first on the scene, and accomplished their purpose, though
they had to fight the savage Indians. The airship was
wrecked in a cave of ice, that collapsed on it, and the
survivors had desperate work getting away from the frozen
North.

Tom had been home all the following winter and spring, and
he had done little more than work on some small inventions,
when a new turn was given his thoughts and energies by a
visit from Mr. Gunmore, as narrated in the first chapter of
the present volume.

"Well, I guess no one is here," remarked the young
inventor as he completed the circuit of the grounds and
walked slowly back toward the house. "I think I scared Andy
so that he won't come back right away. He had the laugh on
me, though, when I stumbled and fell."

As Tom proceeded he heard some one approaching, around the
path at the side of the house.

"Who's there?" he called quickly, taking a firmer grasp of
his stick,

"It's me, Massa Swift," was the response. "I jest come
back from town. I got some peppermint fo' mah mule,
Boomerang, dat's what I got."

"Oh! It's you, is it, Rad?" asked the youth in easier
tones.

"Dat's who it am, Did yo' t'ink it were some un else?"

"I did," replied Tom. "Andy Foger has been sneaking
around. Keep your eyes open the rest of the night, Rad."

"I will, Massa Tom."

The youth went into the house, having left word with the
engineer, Mr. Jackson, to be on the alert for anything
suspicious.

"And now I guess I'll go to bed, and make an early start
to-morrow morning, planning my new aeroplane," mused Tom.
"I'm going to make the speediest craft of the air ever
seen!"

As he started toward his room Tom Swift
heard the voice of the housekeeper calling to him:

"Tom! Oh, Tom! Come here, quickly!"

"What's the matter?" he asked, in vague alarm.

"Something has happened to your father!" was the startling
reply. "He's fallen down, and is Unconscious! Come quickly!
Send for the doctor!"

Tom fairly ran toward his father's room.




Chapter Three

The Plans Disappear


Mr. Swift was lying on the floor, where he had fallen, in
front of his bed, as he was preparing to retire. There was
no mark of injury upon him, and at first, as he knelt down
at his father's side, Tom was at a loss to account for what
had taken place.

"How did it happen? When was it?" he asked of Mrs.
Baggert, as he held up his father's head, and noted that the
aged man was breathing slightly.

"I don't know what happened, Tom," answered the
housekeeper, "but I beard him fall, and ran upstairs, only
to find him lying there, just like that. Then I called you.
Hadn't you better have a doctor?"

"Yes; we'll need one at once. Send Eradicate Tell him to
run--not to wait for his mule--Boomerang is too slow. Oh,
no! The telephone, of course! Why didn't I think of that at
first? Please telephone for Dr. Gladby, Mrs. Baggert. Ask
him to come as soon as possible, and then tell Garret
Jackson to step here. I'll have him help me get father into
bed."

The housekeeper hastened to the instrument, and was soon
in communication with the physician, who promised to call at
once. The engineer was summoned from another part of the
house, and then Eradicate was aroused.

Mrs. Baggert had the colored man help her get some kettles
of hot water in readiness for possible use by the doctor.
Mr. Jackson aided Tom to lift Mr. Swift up on the bed, and
they got off some of his clothes.

"I'll try to see if I can revive him with a little
aromatic spirits of ammonia," decided Tom, as he noticed
that his father was still unconscious. He hastened to
prepare the strong spirits, while he was conscious of a
feeling of fear and alarm, mingled with sadness.

Suppose his father should die? Tom could not bear to think
of that. He would be left all alone, and how much he would
miss the companionship and comradeship of his father none
but himself knew.

"Oh! but I mustn't think he's going to die!" exclaimed the
youth, as he mixed the medicine.

Mr. Swift feebly opened his eyes after Tom and Mr. Jackson
had succeeded in forcing some of the ammonia between his
lips.

"Where am I? What happened?" asked the aged inventor
faintly.

"We don't know, exactly," spoke Tom softly. "You are ill,
father. I've sent for the doctor. He'll fix you up. He'll be
here soon."

"Yes, I'm--I'm ill," murmured the aged man. "Something
hurts me--here," and he put his hand over his heart.

Tom felt a nameless sense of fear. He wished now that he
had insisted on his parent consulting a physician some time
before, when Mr. Swift first complained of a minor ailment.
Perhaps now it was too late.

"Oh! when will that doctor come?" murmured Tom
impatiently.

Mrs. Baggert, who was nervously going in and out of the
room, again went to the telephone.

"He's on his way," the housekeeper reported. "His wife
said he just started out in his auto."

Dr. Gladby hurried into the room a little later, and cast
a quick look at Mr. Swift, who had again lapsed into
unconsciousness.

"Do you think he--think he's going to die?" faltered Tom.
He was no longer the self-reliant young inventor. He could
meet danger bravely when it threatened himself alone, but
when his father was stricken he seemed to lose all courage.

"Die? Nonsense!" exclaimed the doctor heartily. "He's not
dead yet, at all events, and while there's life there's
hope. I'll soon have him out of this spell."

It was some little time, however, before Mr. Swift again
opened his eyes, but he seemed to gain strength from the
remedies which Dr. Gladby administered, and in about an hour
the inventor could sit up.

"But you must be careful," cautioned the physician. "Don't
overdo yourself. I'll be in again in the morning, and now
I'll leave you some medicine, to be taken every two hours."

"Oh, I feel much better," said Mr. Swift, and his voice
certainly seemed Stronger. "I can't imagine what happened. I
came upstairs, after Tom had received a visit from the
minister, and that's all I remember."

"The minister, father!" exclaimed Tom, in great amazement.
"The minister wasn't here this evening! That was Mr.
Gunmore, the aviation secretary. Don't you remember?"

"I don't remember any gentleman like that calling here
to-night," Mr. Swift said blankly. "It was the minister, I'm
sure, Tom."

"The minister was here last night, Mr. Swift," said the
housekeeper.

"Was he? Why, it seems like to-night. And I came upstairs
after talking to him, and then it all got black, and--and--"

"There, now; don't try to think," advised the doctor.
"You'll be all right in the morning."

"But I can't remember anything about that aviation man,"
protested Mr. Swift. "I never used to be that way--
forgetting things. I don't like it!"

"Oh, it's just because you're tired," declared the
physician. "It will all come back to you in the morning.
I'll stop in and see you then. Now try to go to sleep." And
he left the room.

Tom followed him, Mrs. Baggert and Mr. Jackson remaining
with the sick man.

"What is the matter with my father, Dr. Gladby?" asked Tom
earnestly, as the doctor prepared to take his departure.
"Is it anything serious?"

"Well," began the medical man, "I would not be doing my
duty, Tom, if I did not tell you what it is. That is, it is
comparatively serious, but it is curable, and I think we can
bring him around. He has an affection of the heart, that,
while it is common enough, is sometimes fatal.

"But I do not think it will be so in your father's case.
He has a fine constitution, and this would never have
happened had he not been run down from overwork. That is the
principal trouble. What he needs is rest; and then, with the
proper remedies, he will be as well as before."

"But that strange lapse of memory, doctor?"

"Oh, that is nothing. It is due to the fact that he has
been using his brain too much. The brain protests, and
refuses to work until rested. Your father has been working
rather hard of late hasn't he?"

"Yes; on a new wireless motor."

"I thought so. Well, a good rest is what he needs, and
then his mind and body will be in tune again. I'll be around
in the morning."

Tom was somewhat relieved by the doctor's words, but not
very much so, and he spent an anxious night, getting up
every two hours to administer the medicine. Toward morning
Mr. Swift fell into a heavy sleep, and did not awaken for
some time.

"Oh, you're much better!" declared Dr. Gladby when he saw
his patient that day.

"Yes, I feel better," admitted Mr Swift.

"And can't you remember about Mr. Gunmore calling?" asked
Tom.

The aged inventor shook his head, with a puzzled air.

"I can't remember it at all," he said. "The minister is
the last person I remember calling here."

Tom looked worried, but the physician said it was a common
feature of the disease from which Mr. Swift suffered, and
would doubtless pass away.

"And you don't remember how we talked about me building a
speedy aeroplane and trying for the ten-thousand-dollar
prize?" asked Tom.

"I can't remember a thing about it," said the inventor,
with a puzzled shake of his head, "and I'm not going to try,
at least not right away. But, Tom, if you're going to build
a new aeroplane, I want to help you. I'll give you the
benefit of my advice. I think my new form of motor can be
used in it."

"Now! now! No inventions--at least not just yet!" objected
the physician. "You must have a good rest first, Mr. Swift,
and get strong. Then you and Tom can build as many airships
as you like."

Mr. Swift felt so much better about three days later that
he wanted to get right to work planning the airship that was
to win the big prize, but the doctor would not hear of it.
Tom, however, began to make rough sketches of what he had in
mind changing them from time to time, He also worked on a
type of motor, very light, and modeled after one his father
had recently patented.

Then a new idea came to Tom in regard to the shape of his
aeroplane, and he worked several days drawing the plans for
it. It was a new idea in construction, and he believed it
would give him the great speed he desired.

"But I'd like dad to see it," he said. "As soon as he's
well enough I'll go over it with him."

That time came a week later, and with a complete set of
the plans, embodying his latest ideas, Tom went into the
library where his father was seated in an easy-chair. Dr.
Gladby had said it would not now harm the aged inventor to
do a little work. Tom spread the drawings out in front of
his father, and began to explain them in detail.

"I really think you have something great there, Tom!"
exclaimed Mr. Swift, at length. "It is a very small
monoplane, to be sure, but I think with the new principle
you have introduced it will work; but, if I were you, I'd
shape those wing tips a little differently."

"No, they're better that way," said Tom pleasantly, for he
did not often disagree with his father. "I'll show you from
a little model I have made. I'll get it right away."

Anxious to demonstrate that he was right in his theory,
Tom hurried from the library to get the model of which he
had spoken. He left the roll of plans lying on a small table
near where his father was seated.

"There, you see, dad," said the young inventor as he re-
entered the library a few minutes later, "when you warp the
wing tips in making a spiral ascent it throws your tail
wings out of plumb, and so--"

Tom paused in some amazement, for Mr. Swift was lying back
in his chair, with his eyes closed. The lad started in
alarm, laid aside his model, and sprang to his father's
side.

"He's had another of those heart attacks!" gasped Tom. He
was just going to call Mrs. Baggert, when Mr. Swift opened
his eyes. He looked at Tom, and the lad could see that they
were bright, and did not show any signs of illness.

"Well, I declare!" exclaimed the inventor. "I must have
dozed off, Tom, while you were gone. That's what I did. I
fell asleep!"

"Oh!" said Tom, much relieved. "I was afraid you were ill
again. Now, in this model, as you will see by the plans, it
is necessary--"

He paused, and looked over at the table where he had left
the drawings. They were not there!

"The plans, father!" Tom exclaimed. "The plans I left on
the table! Where are they?"

"I haven't touched them," was the answer. "They were on
that table, where you put them, when I closed my eyes for a
little nap. I forgot all about them. Are you sure they're
missing?"

"They're not here!" And Tom gazed wildly about the room.
"Where can they have gone?"

"I wasn't out of my chair," said Mr. Swift, "I ought not
to have gone to sleep, but--"

Tom fairly jumped toward the long library window, the same
one from which he had leaped to pursue Andy Foger. The
casement was open, and Tom noted that the screen was also
unhooked, It had been closed when he went to get the model,
he was sure of that.

"Look, dad! See!" he exclaimed, as he picked up from the
floor a small piece of paper.

"What is it, Tom?"

"A sheet on which I did some figuring. It is no good, but
it was in with the plans. It must have dropped out."

"Do you mean that some one has been in here and taken the
plans of your new aeroplane, Tom?" gasped his father.

"That's just what I mean! They sneaked in here while you
were dozing, took the plans, and jumped out of the window
with them. On the way this paper fell out. It's the only
clue we have. Stay here, dad. I'm going to have a look." And
Tom jumped from the library window and ran down the path
after the unknown thief.




Chapter Four

Anxious Days


Peering on all sides as he dashed along the gravel walk,
hoping to catch a glimpse of the unknown intruder in the
garden or shrubbery, Tom sprinted on at top speed. Now and
then he paused to listen, but no sound came to him to tell
of some one in retreat before him. There was only Silence.

"Mighty queer," mused the youth. "Whoever it was, he
couldn't have had more than a minute start of me--no, not
even half a minute--and yet they've disappeared as
completely as though the ground had opened and let them
down; and the worst of it is, that they've taken my plans
with them!"

He turned about and retraced his steps, making a careful
search. He saw no one, until, turning a corner, a little
later, he met Eradicate Sampson.

"You haven't seen any strangers around here just now, have
you, Rad?" asked Tom anxiously.

"No, indeedy, I hasn't, Massa Tom. What fo' kind ob a
stranger was him?"

"That's just what I don't know. Rad. But some one sneaked
into the library lust now and took some of my plans while my
father dozed off. I jumped out after him as soon as I could,
but he has disappeared."

"Maybe it were th' man who done stowed hisself away on yo'
airship, de time yo' all went after de diamonds," suggested
the colored man.

"No, it couldn't have been him. If it was anybody, it was
Andy Foger, or some of his crowd. You didn't see Andy, did
you, Rad?"

"No, indeedy; but if I do, I suah will turn mah mule,
Boomerang, loose on him, an' he won't take any mo' plans--
not right off, Massa Tom."

"No, I guess not. Well, I must get back to dad, or he'll
worry. Keep your eyes open, Rad, and if you see Andy Foger,
or any one else, around here, let me know. Just sing out for
all you're worth."

"Shall I call out, Massa Tom, ef I sees dat blessin' man?"

"You mean Mr. Damon?"

"Dat's de one. De gen'man what's allers a-blessin' ob
hisself or his shoelaces, or suffin laik dat. Shall I sing
out ef I sees him?"

"Well, no; not exactly, Rad. Just show Mr. Damon up to the
house. I'd be glad to see him again, though I don't fancy
he'll call. He's off on a little trip, and won't be back for
a week. But watch out, Rad." And with that Tom turned toward
the house, shaking his head over the puzzle of the missing
plans.

"Did you find any one?" asked his father eagerly as the
young inventor entered the library.

"No," was the gloomy answer. "There wasn't a sign of any
one."

Tom went over to the window and looked about for clues.
There was none that he could see, and a further examination
of the ground under the window disclosed nothing. There was
gravel beneath the casement, and this was not the best
medium for retaining footprints. Nor were the gravel walks
any better.

"Not a sign of any one," murmured Tom. "Are you sure you
didn't hear any noise, dad, when you dozed off?"

"Not a sound, Tom. In fact, it's rather unusual for me to
go to sleep like that, but I suppose it's because of my
illness.  But I couldn't have been asleep long--not more
than two minutes."

"That's what I think. Yet in that time someone, who must
have been on the watch, managed to get in here and take my
plans for the new sky racer. I don't see how they got the
wire screen open from the outside, though. It fastens with a
strong hook."

"And was the screen open?" asked Mr. Swift

"Yes, it was unhooked. Either they pushed a wire in
through the mesh, caught it under the hook, and pulled it up
from the outside, or else the screen was opened from the
inside."

"I don't believe they could get inside to open the screen
without some of us seeing them," spoke the older inventor.
"More likely, Tom, it wasn't hooked, and they found it an
easy matter to simply pull it open."

"That's possible. I'll ask Mrs. Baggert if the screen was
unhooked."

But the housekeeper could not be certain on that point,
and so that part of the investigation amounted to nothing.

"It's too bad!" exclaimed Mr. Swift. "It's my fault, for
dozing off that way."

"No, indeed, it isn't!" declared Tom stoutly.

"Is the loss a serious one?" asked his father. "Have you
no copy of the plans?"

"Yes, I have a rough draft from which I made the completed
drawings, and I can easily make another set. But that isn't
what worries me--the mere loss of the plans."

"What is it, then, Tom?"

"The fact that whoever took them must know what they are
the plans for a sky racer that is to take part in the big
meet. I have worked it out on a new principle, and it is not
yet patented. Whoever stole my plans can make the same kind
of a sky racer that I intended to construct, and so stand as
good a chance to win the prize of ten thousand dollars as I
will."

"That certainly is too bad, Tom. I never thought of that.
Do you suspect any one?"

"No one, unless it's Andy Foger. He's mean enough to do a
thing like that, but I didn't think he'd have the nerve.
However, I'll see if I can learn anything about him. He may
have been sneaking around, and if he has my plans he'd ask
nothing better than to make a sky racer and beat me."

"Oh, Tom, I'm so sorry!" exclaimed Mr. Swift "I--I feel
very bad about it!"

"There, never mind!" spoke the lad, seeing that his father
was looking ill again. "Don't think any more about it, dad.
I'll get back those plans. Come, now. It's time for your
medicine, and then you must lie down." For the aged inventor
was looking tired and weak.

Wearily he let Tom lead him to his room, and after seeing
that the invalid was comfortable Tom called up Dr. Gladby,
to have him come and see Mr. Swift. The doctor said his
patient had been overdoing himself a little, and must rest
more if he was to completely recover.

Learning that his father was no worse, Tom set off to find
Andy Foger.

"I can't rest until I know whether or not he has my
plans," he said to himself. "I don't want to make a speedy
aeroplane, and find out at the last minute that Andy, or
some of his cronies, have duplicated it."

But Tom got little satisfaction from Andy Foger. When that
bully was accused of having been around Tom's house he
denied it, and though the young inventor did not actually
accuse him of taking the plans, he hinted at it. Andy
muttered many indignant negatives, and called on some of his
cronies to witness that at the time the plans were taken he
and they were some distance from the Swift home.

So Tom was baffled; and though he did not believe the
red-haired lad's denial, there was no way in which he could
prove to the contrary.

"If he didn't take the plans, who did?" mused Tom.

As the young inventor turned away after cross-questioning
Andy, the bully called out:

"You'll never win that ten thousand dollars!"

"What do you know about that?" demanded Tom quickly.

"Oh, I know," sneered Andy. "There'll be bigger and better
aeroplanes in that meet than you can make, and you'll never
win the prize."

"I suppose you heard about the affair by sneaking around
under our windows, and listening," said Tom.

"Never mind how I know it, but I do," retorted the bully.

"Well, I'll tell you one thing," said Tom calmly. "If you
come around again it won't be healthy for you. Look out for
live wires, if you try to do the listening act any more,
Andy!" And with that ominous warning Tom turned away.

"What do you suppose he means, Andy?" asked Pete Bailey,
one of Andy's cronies.

"It means he's got electrical wires strung around his
place," declared Sam Snedecker, "and that we'll be shocked
if we go up there. I'm not going!"

"Me, either," added Pete, and Andy laughed uneasily.

Tom heard what they said, and in the next few days he made
himself busy by putting some heavy wires in and about the
grounds where they would show best. But the wires carried no
current, and were only displayed to impress a sense of fear
on Andy and his cronies, which purpose they served well.

But it was like locking the stable door after the horse
had been stolen, for with all the precautions he could take
Tom could not get back his plans, and he spent many anxious
days seeking them. They seemed to have completely
disappeared, however, and the young inventor decided there
was nothing else to do but to draw new ones.

He set to work on them, and in the meanwhile tried to
learn whether or not Andy had the missing plans. He sought
this information by stealth, and was aided by his chum, Ned
Newton. But all to no purpose. Not the slightest trace or
clue was discovered.




Chapter Five

Building the Sky Racer


"What will you do, if, after you have your little
monoplane all constructed, and get ready to race, you find
that some one else has one exactly like it at the meet?,"
asked Ned Newton one day, when he and Tom were out in the
big workshop, talking things over. "What will you do, Tom?"

"I don't see that there is anything I can do. I'll go on
to the meet, of course, and trust to some improvements I
have since brought out, and to what I know about aeroplanes,
to help me win the race. I'll know, too, who stole my
plans."

"But it will be too late, then."

"Yes, too late, perhaps, to stop them from using the
drawings, hot not too late to punish them for the theft.
It's a great mystery, and I'll be on the anxious seat all
the while. But it can't be helped."

"When are you going to start work on the sky racer?"

"Pretty soon, now. I've got another set of plans made, and
I've fixed them so that if they are stolen it won't do any
one any good."

"How's that?"

"I've put in a whole lot of wrong figures and
measurements, and scores of lines and curves that mean
nothing. I have marked the right figures and lines by a
secret mark, and when I work on them I'll use only the
proper ones. But any one else wouldn't know this. Oh, I'll
fool 'em this time!"

"I hope you do. Well, when you get the machine done I'd
like to ride in it. Will it carry two, as your Butterfly
does?"

"Yes, only it will be much different; and, of course, it
will go much faster. I'll give you a ride, all right, Ned.
Well, now I must get busy and see what material I need for
what I hope will prove to be the speediest aeroplane in the
world."

"That's going some! I must be leaving now. Don't forget
your promise. I saw Mary Nestor on my way over here. She was
asking for you. She said you must be very busy, for she
hadn't seen you in some time."

"Um!" was all Tom answered, but by the blush that mounted
to his face it was evident that he was more interested in
Mary Nestor than his mere exclamation indicated.

When Ned had gone Tom got out pencil and paper, and was
busily engaged in making some intricate calculations. He
drew odd little sketches on the margin of the sheet, and
then wrote out a list of the things he would need to
construct the new aeroplane.

This finished, he went to Mr. Jackson, the engineer, and
asked him to get the various things together, and to have
them put in the special shop where Tom did most of his work.

"I want to get the machine together as soon as I can," he
remarked to the engineer, "for it will need to be given a
good tryout before I enter in the race, and I may find that
I'll have to make several changes in it."

Mr. Jackson promised to attend to the matter right away,
and then Tom went in to talk to his father about the motor
that was to whirl the propeller of the new air craft.

Mr. Swift had improved very much in the past few days, and
though Dr. Gladby said he was far from being well, the
physician declared there was no reason why he should not do
some inventive work.

He and Tom were deep in an argument of gasoline motors,
discussing the best manner of attaching the fins to the
cylinders to make them air-cooled, when a voice sounded
outside, the voice of Eradicate:

"Heah! Whar yo' goin'?" demanded the colored man. "Whar
yo' goin'?"

"Somebody's out in the garden!" exclaimed Tom, jumping up
suddenly.

"Perhaps it's the same person who took the plans!"
suggested Mr. Swift.

"Hold on, dere!" yelled Eradicate again.

Then a voice replied:

"Bless my insurance policy! What's the matter? Have there
been burglars around? Why all these precautions? Bless my
steam heater! Don't you know me?"

"Mr. Damon!" cried Tom, a look of pleasure coming over his
face. "Mr. Damon is coming!"

"So I should judge," responded Mr. Swift, with a smile. "I
wonder why Eradicate didn't recognize him?"

They learned why a moment later, for on looking from the
library window, Tom saw the colored man coming up the walk
behind a well-dressed gentleman.

"Why, mah goodness! It's Mr. Damon!" exclaimed Eradicate.
"I didn't know yo', sah, wif dem whiskers on! I didn't, fo'
a fac'!"

"Bless my razor! I suppose it does make a difference,"
said the eccentric man. "Yes, my wife thought I'd look
better, and more sedate, with a beard, so I grew one to
please her. But I don't like it. A beard is too warm this
kind of weather; eh, Tom?" And Mr. Damon waved his hand to
the young inventor and his father, who stood in the low
windows of the library. "Entirely too warm, bless my finger-
nails, yes!"

"I agree with you!" exclaimed Tom. "Come in! We're glad to
see you!"

"I called to see if you aren't going on another trip to
the North Pole, or somewhere in the Arctic regions," went on
Mr. Damon.

"Why?" inquired Tom.

"Why, then this heavy beard of mine would come in handy.
It would keep my throat and chin warm." And Mr. Damon ran
his hands through his luxuriant whiskers.

"No more northern trips right away," said Tom. "I'm about
to build a speedy monoplane, to take part in the big meet at
Eagle Park."

"Oh, yes, I heard about the meet," said Mr. Damon. "I'd
like to be in that."

"Well, I'm building a machine that will carry two," went
on Tom, "and if you think you can stand a speed of a hundred
miles an hour, or better, I'll let you come with me. There
are some races where a passenger is allowed."

"Have you got a razor?" asked Mr. Damon suddenly.

"What for?" inquired Mr. Swift, wondering what the
eccentric man was going to do.

"Why, bless my shaving soap! I'm going to cut off my
beard. If I go in a monoplane at a hundred miles an hour I
don't want to make any more resistance to the wind than
possible, and my whiskers would certainly hold back Tom's
machine. Where's a razor? I'm going to shave at once. My
wife won't mind when I tell her what it's for. Lend me a
razor, please, Tom."

"Oh, there's plenty of time," explained the lad, with a
laugh. "The race doesn't take place for over two months. But
when it does, I think you would be better off without a
beard."

"I know it," said Mr. Damon simply. "I'll shave before we
enter the contest, Tom. But now tell me all about it."

Tom did so, relating the story of the theft
of the plans. Mr. Damon was for having Andy arrested at
once, but Mr. Swift and his son pointed out that they had no
evidence against him.

"All we can do," said the young inventor, "is to keep
watch on him, and see if he is building another aeroplane.
He has all the facilities, and he may attempt to get ahead
of me. If he enters a sky craft at the meet I'll be pretty
sure that he has made it from my stolen plans."

"Bless my wing tips!" cried Mr. Damon. "But can't we do
anything to stop him?"

"I'm afraid not," answered Tom; and then he showed Mr.
Damon his re-drawn plans, and told in detail of how he
intended to construct the new aeroplane.

The eccentric man remained as the guest of the Swift
family that night, departing for his home the next day, and
promising to be on hand as soon as Tom was ready to test his
new craft, which would he in about a month.

As the days passed, Tom, with the help of his father,
whose health was slightly better, and with the aid of Mr.
Jackson, began work on the speedy little sky racer.

As you boys are all more or less familiar with aeroplanes,
we will not devote much space to the description of the new
one Tom Swift made. We can describe it in general terms, but
there were some features of it which Tom kept a secret from
all save his father.

Suffice it to say that Tom had decided to build a small
air craft of the single-wing type, known as the monoplane.
It was to be a cross between the Bleriot and the Antoinette,
with the general features of both, but with many changes or
improvements.

The wings were shaped somewhat like those of a humming-
bird, which, as is well known, can, at times, vibrate its
wings with such velocity that the most rapid camera lens
cannot quite catch

And when it is known that a bullet in flight has been
successfully photographed, the speed of the wings of the
humming-bird can be better appreciated.

The writer has seen a friend, with a very rapid camera,
which was used to snap automobiles in flight, attempt to
take a picture of a humming-bird. He got the picture, all
right, but the plate was blurred, showing that the wings had
moved faster than the lens could throw them on the
sensitive plate.

Not that Tom intended the wings of his monoplane to
vibrate, but he adopted that style as being the best adapted
to allow of rapid flight through the air; and the young
inventor had determined that he would clip many minutes
from the best record yet made.

The body of his craft, between the forward wings and the
rear ones, where the rudders were located, was shaped like a
cigar, with side wings somewhat like the fin keels of the
ocean liner to prevent a rolling motion. In addition, Tom
had an ingenious device to automatically adapt his monoplane
to sudden currents of air that might overturn it, and this
device was one of the points which he kept secret.

The motor, which was air-cooled, was located forward, and
was just above the heads of the operator and the passenger
who sat beside him. The single propeller, which was ten feet
in diameter, gave a minimum thrust of one thousand pounds at
two thousand revolutions per minute.

This was one feature wherein Tom's craft differed from
others. The usual aeroplane propeller is eight feet in
diameter, and gives from four to five hundred pounds thrust
at about one thousand revolutions per minute, so it can be
readily seen wherein Tom had an advantage.

"But I'm building this for speed," he said to Mr. Jackson,
"and I'm going to get it! We'll make a hundred miles an hour
without trouble."

"I believe you," replied the engineer. "The motor you and
your father have made is a wonder for lightness and power."

In fact, the whole monoplane was so light and frail as to
give one the idea of a rather large model, instead of a real
craft, intended for service. But a careful inspection showed
the great strength it had, for it was braced and guyed in a
new way, and was as rigid as a steel-trussed bridge.

"What are you going to call her?" asked Mr. Jackson, about
two weeks after they had started work on the craft, and when
it had begun to assume shape and form.

"I'm going to name her the Humming-Bird," replied Tom.
"She's little, but oh, my!"

"And I guess she'll bring home the prize," added the
engineer.

And as the days went by, and Tom, his father and Mr.
Jackson continued to work on the speedy craft, this hope
grew in the heart of the young inventor. But he could not
rid himself of worry as to the fate of the plans that had
disappeared. Who had them? Was some one making a machine
like his own from them? Tom wished he knew.




Chapter Six

Andy Foger Will Contest


One afternoon, as Tom was working away in the shop on his
sky racer, adjusting one of the rear rudders, and pausing
now and then to admire the trim little craft, he heard some
one approaching. Looking out through a small observation
peephole made for this purpose, he saw Mrs. Baggert hurrying
toward the building.

"I wonder what's the matter?" he said aloud, for there was
a look of worriment on the lady's face. Tom threw open the
door. "What is it, Mrs. Baggert?" he called. "Some one up at
the house who wants to see me?"

"No, it's your father!" panted the housekeeper, for she
was quite stout. "He is very ill again, and I can't seem to
get Dr. Gladby on the telephone. Central says he doesn't
answer."

"My father worse!" cried Tom in alarm, dropping his tools
and hurrying from the shop. "Where's Eradicate? Send him for
the doctor. Perhaps the wires are broken. If he can't locate
Dr. Gladby, get Dr. Kurtz. We must have some one. Here, Rad!
Where are you?" he called, raising his voice.

"Heah I be!" answered the colored man, coming from the
direction of the garden, which he had been weeding.

"Get cut your mule, and go for Dr. Gladby. If he isn't
home, get Dr. Kurtz. Hurry, Rad!"

"I's mighty sorry, Massa Tom," answered the colored man,
"but I cain't hurry, nohow."

"Why not?"

"Because Boomerang done gone lame, an' he won't run. I'll
go mahse'f, but I cain't take dat air mule."

"Never mind. I'll go in the Butterfly," decided Tom
quickly. "I'll run up to the house and see how dad is, and
while I'm gone, Rad, you get out the Butterfly. I can make
the trip in that. If Dr. Kurtz had a 'phone I could get him,
but he lives over on the back road, where there isn't a
line. Hurry, Rad!"

"Yes, sah, Massa Tom, I'll hurry!"

The colored man knew how to get the monoplane in shape for
a flight, as he had often done it.

Tom found his father in no immediate danger, but Mr.
Swift had had a slight recurrence of his heart trouble, and
it was thought best to have a doctor. So Tom started off in
his air craft, rising swiftly above the housetop, and sailed
off toward the old-fashioned residence of Dr. Kurtz, a
sturdy, elderly German physician, who sometimes attended Mr.
Swift. Tom decided that as long as Dr. Gladby did not answer
his 'phone, he could not be at home, and this, he learned
later, was the case, the physician being in a distant town
on a consultation.

"My, this Butterfly seems big and clumsy beside my
Humming-Bird," mused Tom as he slid along through the air,
now flying high and now low, merely for practice. "This
machine can go, hut wait until I have my new one in the air!
Then I'll show 'em what speed is!"

He was soon at the physician's house, and found him in.

"Won't you ride back with me in the monoplane?" asked Tom.
"I'm anxious to have you see dad as soon as you can.

"Vot! Me drust mineself in one ob dem airships? I dinks
not!" exclaimed Dr. Kurtz ponderously. "Vy, I vould not
efen ride in an outer-mobile, yet, so vy should I go in von
contrivance vot is efen more dangerous? No, I gomes to your
fader in der carriage, mit mine old Dobbin horse. Dot vill
not drop me to der ground, or run me up a tree, yet! Vot?"

"Very well," said Tom, "only hurry, please."

The young inventor, in his airship, reached home some time
before the slow-going doctor got there in his carriage. Mr.
Swift was no worse, Tom was glad to find, though he was
evidently quite ill.

"So, ve must take goot care of him," said the doctor, when
he had examined the patient. "Dr. Gladby he has done much
for him, und I can do little more. You must dake care of
yourself, Herr Swift, or you vill--but den, vot is der use of
being gloomy-minded? I am sure you vill go more easy, und
not vork so much."

"I haven't worked much," replied the aged inventor. "I
have only been helping my son on a new airship."

"Den dot must stop," insisted the doctor. "You must haf
gomplete rest--dot's it--gomplete rest."

"We'll do just as you say, doctor," said Tom. "We'll give
up the aeroplane matters, dad, and go away, you and I, where
we can t see a blueprint or a pattern, or hear the sound of
machinery. We'll cut it all out."

"Dot vould he goot," said Dr. Kurtz ponderously.

"No, I couldn't think of it," answered Mr. Swift. "I want
you to go in that race, Tom--and win!"

"But I'll not do it, dad, if you're going to be ill."

"He is ill now," interrupted the doctor. "Very ill, Dom
Swift."

"That settles it. I don't go in the race. You and I'll go
away, dad--to California, or up in Canada. We'll travel for
your health."

"No! no!" insisted the old inventor gently. "I will be all
right. Most of the work on the monoplane is done now, isn't
it, Tom?"

"Yes, dad."

"Then you go on, and finish it. You and Mr. Jackson can do
it without me now. I'll take a rest, doctor, but I want my
son to enter that race, and, what's more, I want him to
win!"

"Vell, if you don't vork, dot is all I ask. I must forbid
you to do any more. Mit Dom, dot is different. He is young
und strong, und he can vork. But you--not, Herr Swift, or I
doctor you no more." And the physician shook his big head.

"Very well. I'll agree to that if Tom will promise to
enter the race," said the inventor.

"I will," said Tom.

The physician took his leave shortly after that, the
medicine he gave to Mr. Swift somewhat relieving him. Then
the young inventor, who felt in a little better spirits,
went back to his workshop.

"Poor dad," he mused. "He thinks more of me and this
aeroplane than he does of himself. Well, I will go in the
race, and I'll--yes, I'll win!" And Tom looked very
determined.

He was about to resume work on his craft when something
about the way one of the forward planes was tilted attracted
his attention.

"I never left it that way," mused Tom. "Some one has been
in here. I wonder if it was Mr. Jackson?"

Tom stepped to the door and called for Eradicate. The
colored man came from the direction of the garden, which he
was still weeding.

"Has Mr. Jackson been around, Rad?" asked the lad.

"No, sah. I ain't seed him."

"Have you been in here, looking at the Humming-Bird?"

"No, Massa Tom. I nebber goes in dere, lessen as how yo'
is dere. Dem's yo' orders."

"That's so, Rad. I might have known you wouldn't go in.
But did you see any one enter the shop?"

"Not a pusson, sab."

"Have you been here all the while?"

"All but jes' a few minutes, when I went to de barn to put
some liniment on Boomerang's So' foot."

"H'm! Some one might have slipped in here while I was
away," mused Tom. "I ought to have locked the doors, but I
was in a hurry. This thing is getting on my nerves. I wonder
if it's Andy Foger, or some one else, who is after my
secret?"

He made a hasty examination of the shop, but could
discover nothing more wrong, except that one of the planes
of the Humming-Bird had been shifted.

"It looks as if they were trying to see how it was
fastened on, and how it worked," mused Tom. "But my plans
haven't been touched, and no damage has been done. Only I
don't like to think that people have been in here. They may
have stolen some of my ideas. I must keep this place locked
night and day after this."

Tom spent a busy week in making improvements on his
craft. Mr. Swift was doing well, and after a consultation by
Dr. Kurtz and Dr. Gladby it was decided to adopt a new style
of treatment. In the meanwhile, Mr. Swift kept his promise,
and did no work. He sat in his easy-chair, out in the
garden, and dozed away, while Tom visited him frequently to
see if he needed anything.

"Poor old dad!" mused the young inventor. "I hope he is
well enough to come and see me try for the ten-thousand-
dollar prize--and win it! I hope I do; but if some one
builds, from my stolen plans, a machine on this model, I'll
have my work cut out for me." And he gazed with pride on
the Humming-Bird.

For the past two weeks Tom had seen nothing of Andy Foger.
The red-haired bully seemed to have dropped out of sight,
and even his cronies, Sam Snedecker and Pete Bailey, did
not know where he had gone.

"I hope he has gone for good," said Ned Newton, who lived
near Andy. "He's an infernal nuisance. I wish he'd never
come back to Shopton."

But Andy was destined to come back.

One day, when Tom was busy installing a wireless apparatus
on his new aeroplane, he heard Eradicate hurrying up the
path that led to the shop.

"I wonder if dad is worse?" thought Tom, that always being
his first idea when he knew a summons was coming for him.
Quickly be opened the door.

"Some one's comin' out to see you, Massa Tom," said the
colored man.

"Who is it?" asked the lad, taking the precaution to put
his precious plans out of sight.

"I dunno, sah; but yo' father knows him, an' he said fo'
me to come out heah, ahead ob de gen'man, an' tell yo' he
were comin'. He'll be right heah."

"Oh, well, if dad knows him, it's all right. Let him come,
Rad."

"Yes, sah. Heah he comes." And the colored man pointed to
a figure advancing down the gravel path. Tom watched the
stranger curiously. There was something familiar about him,
and Tom was sure he had met him before, yet he could not
seem to place him.

"How are you, Tom Swift?" greeted the newcomer pleasantly.
"I guess you've forgotten me, haven't you?" He held out his
hand, which Tom took. "Don't know me, do you?" he went on.

"Well, I'm afraid I've forgotten your name," admitted the
lad, just a bit embarrassed. "But your face is familiar,
somehow, and yet it isn't"

"I've shaved off my mustache," went on the other. "That
makes a difference. But you haven't forgotten John Sharp,
the balloonist, whom you rescued from Lake Carlopa, and who
helped you build the Red Cloud? You haven't forgotten John
Sharp, have you, Tom?"

"Well, I should say not!" cried the lad heartily. "I'm
real glad to see you. What are you doing around here? Come
in. I've got something to show you," and he motioned to the
shop where the Humming-Bird was housed.

"Oh, I know what it is," said the veteran balloonist.

"You do?"

"Yes. It's your new aeroplane. In fact, I came to see you
about it."

"To see me about it?"

"Yes. I'm one of the committee of arrangements for the
meet to be held at Eagle Park, where I understand you are
going to contest. I came to see how near you were ready, and
to get you to make a formal entry of your machine. Mr.
Gunmore sent me."

"Oh, so you're in with them now, eh?" asked Tom. "Well,
I'm glad to know I've got a friend on the committee. Yes, my
machine is getting along very well. I'll soon be ready for a
trial flight. Come in and look at it. I think it's a bird--a
regular Humming-Bird!" And Tom laughed.

"It certainly is something new," admitted Mr. Sharp as his
eyes took in the details of the trim little craft. "By the
way, Shopton is going to be well represented at the meet."

"How is that? I thought I was the only one around here to
enter an aeroplane."

"No. We have just received an entry from Andy Foger."

"From Andy Foger!" gasped Tom. "Is he going to try to win
some of the prizes?"

"He's entered for the big one, the ten-thousand-dollar
prize," replied the balloonist. "He has made formal
application to be allowed to compete, and we have to accept
any one who applies. Why, do you object to him, Tom?"

"Object to him? Mr. Sharp, let me tell you something. Some
time ago a set of plans of my machine here were stolen from
my house. I suspected Andy Foger of taking them, but I could
get no proof. Now you say he is building a machine to
compete for the big prize. Do you happen to know what style
it is?"

"It's a small monoplane, something like the Antoinette,
his application states, though he may change it later."

"Then he's stolen my ideas, and is making a craft like
this!" exclaimed Tom, as he sank upon a bench, and gazed
from the balloonist to the Humming-Bird, and hack to Mr.
Sharp again. "Andy Foger is trying to beat me with my own
machine!"




Chapter Seven

Seeking a Clue


John Sharp was more than surprised at the effect his piece
of information had on Tom Swift. Though the young inventor
had all along suspected Andy of having the missing plans,
yet there had been no positive evidence on this point. That,
coupled with the fact that the red-haired bully had not been
seen in the vicinity of Shopton lately, had, in a measure,
lulled Tom's suspicions to rest, but now his hope had been
rudely shattered.

"Do you really think that's his game?" asked Mr. Sharp.

"I'm sure of it," replied the youth. "Though where he is
building his aeroplane I can't imagine, for I haven't seen
him in town. He's away."

"Are you sure of that?"

"Well, not absolutely sure," replied Tom. "It's the
general rumor that he's out of town."

"Well, old General Rumor is sometimes a person not to be
relied upon," remarked the balloonist grimly. "Now this is
the way I size it up: Of course, all I know officially is
that Andy Foger has sent in an entry for the big race for
the ten-thousand-dollar prize which is offered by the Eagle
Park Aviation Association. I'm a member of the arrangements
committee, and so I know. I also know that you and several
others are going to try for the prize. That's all I am
absolutely sure of.

"Now, when you tell me about the missing plans, and you
conclude that Andy is doing some underhanded work, I agree
with you. But I go a step farther. I don't believe he's out
of town at all."

"Why not?" exclaimed Tom.

"Because when he has an airship shed right in his own
backyard, where, you tell me, he once made a craft in which
he tried to beat you out in the trip to Alaska, when you
think of that, doesn't it seem reasonable that he'd use that
same building in which to make his new craft?"

"Yes, it does," admitted Tom slowly, "but then everybody
says he's out of town."

"Well, what everybody says is generally not So. I think
you'll find that Andy is keeping himself in seclusion, and
that he's working secretly in his ship, building a machine
with which to beat you."

"Do you, really?"

"I certainly do. Have you been around his place lately?"

"No. I've been too busy; and then I never have much to do
with him."

"Then take my advice, and see if you can't get a look
inside that shop. You may see something that will surprise
you. If you find that Andy is infringing on your patented
ideas, you can stop him by an injunction. You've got this
model patented, I take it?"

"Oh, yes. I didn't have at the time the plans were stolen,
but I've patented it since. I could get at him that way."

"Then take my advice, and do it. Get a look inside that
shed, and you'll find Andy working secretly there, no matter
if his cronies do think he's out of town."

"I believe I will," agreed Tom, and somehow he felt better
now that he had decided on a plan of action. He and the
balloonist talked over at some length just the best way to
go about it, for the young inventor recalled the time when
he and Ned Newton had endeavored to look into Andy's shed,
with somewhat disastrous results to themselves; but Tom knew
that the matter at stake justified a risk, and he was
willing to take it.

"Well, now that's settled," said Mr. Sharp, "tell me more
about yourself and your aeroplane. My! To think that the Red
Cloud was destroyed! That was a fine craft."

"Indeed she was," agreed Tom. "I'm going to make another
on similar lines, some day, but now all my time is occupied
with the Humming Bird."

"She is a hummer, too," complimented Mr. Sharp. "But I
almost forgot the real object of my trip here. There is no
doubt about you going in the race, is there?"

"I fully expect to," replied Tom. "The only thing that
will prevent me will be--"

"Don't say you're worried on account of what Andy Foger
may do," interrupted Mr. Sharp.

"I'm not. I'll attend to Andy, all right. I was going to
say that my father's illness might interfere. He's not well
at all. I'm quite worried about him."

"Oh, I sincerely hope he'll be all right," remarked the
balloonist. "We want you in this race. In fact, we're going
to feature you, as they say about the actors and story-
writers. The committee is planning to do considerable
advertising on the strength of Tom Swift, the well-known
young inventor, being a contestant for the ten-thousand-
dollar prize."

"That's very nice, I'm sure," replied Tom, "and I'm going
to do my best. Perhaps dad will take a turn for the better.
He wants me to win as much as I want to myself. Well, we'll
not worry about it, anyhow, until the time comes. I want to
show you some new features of my. latest aeroplane."

"And I want to see them, Tom. Don't you think you're
making a mistake, though, in equipping it with a wireless
outfit?"

"Why so?"

"Well, because it will add to the weight, and you want
such a small machine to be as light as possible."

"Yes, but you see I have a very light engine. That part my
father helped me with. In fact, it is the lightest air-
cooled motor made, for the amount of horsepower it develops,
so I can afford to put on the extra weight of the wireless
outfit. I may need to signal when I am flying along at a
hundred miles an hour."

"That's so. Well, show me some of the other good points.
You've certainly got a wonderful craft here."

Tom and Mr. Sharp spent some time going over the Humming-
Bird and in talking over old times. The balloonist paid
another visit to Mr. Swift, who was feeling pretty good, and
who expressed his pleasure in seeing his old friend again.

"Can't you stay for a few days?" asked Tom, when Mr. Sharp
was about to leave. "If you wait long enough you may be able
to help me work up the clues against Andy Foger, and also
witness a trial flight of the Humming-Bird."

"I'd like to stay, but I can't," was the answer. "The
committee will be anxious for me to get back with my report.
Good luck to you. I'll see you at the time of the race, if
not before."

Tom resolved to get right to work seeking clues against
his old enemy, Andy, but the next day Mr. Swift was not so
well, and Tom had to remain in the house. Then followed
several days, during which time it was necessary to do some
important work on his craft, and so a week passed without
any information having been obtained.

In the meanwhile Tom had made some cautious inquiries, but
had learned nothing about Andy. He had no chance to
interview Pete or Sam, the two cronies, and he did not think
it wise to make a bald request for information at the Foger
home.

Ned Newton could not be of any aid to his friend, as he
was kept busy in the bank night and day, working over a new
set of books.

"I wonder how I can find out what I want to know?" mused
Tom one afternoon, when he had done considerable work on the
Humming-Bird. "I certainly ought to do it soon, so as to be
able to stop Andy if he's infringing on my patents. Yet, I
don't see how--"

His thoughts were interrupted by hearing a voice outside
the shop, exclaiming:

"Bless my toothpick! I know the way, Eradicate, my good
fellow. It isn't necessary for you to come. As long as Tom
Swift is out there, I'll find him. Bless my horizontal
rudder! I'm anxious to see what progress he's made. I'll
find him, if he's about!"

"Yes, sah, he's right in dere," spoke the colored man.
"He's workin' on dat Dragon Fly of his." Eradicate did not
always get his names right.

"Mr. Damon!" exclaimed Tom in delight, at the sound of his
friend's voice. "I believe he can help me get evidence
against Andy Foger. I wonder I didn't think of it before!
The very thing! I'll do it!"




Chapter Eight

The Empty Shed


"Bless my dark-lantern! Where are you, Tom?" called Mr.
Damon as he entered the dim shed where the somewhat frail-
appearing aeroplane loomed up in the semi-darkness, for it
was afternoon, and rather cloudy. "Where are you?"

"Here!" called the young inventor. "I'm glad to see you!
Come in!"

"Ah! there it is, eh?" exclaimed the odd man, as he looked
at the aeroplane, for there had been much work done on it
since he had last seen it. "Bless my parachute, Tom! But it
looks as though you could blow it over."

"It's stronger than it seems," replied the lad. "But, Mr.
Damon, I've got something very important to talk to you
about."

Thereupon Tom told all about Mr. Sharp's visit, of Andy's
entry in the big race, and of the suspicions of himself and
the balloonist.

"And what is it you wish me to do?" asked Mr. Damon.

"Work up some clues against Andy Foger."

"Good! I'll do it! I'd like to get ahead of that bully and
his father, who once tried to wreck the bank I'm interested
in. I'll help you, Tom! I'll play detective! Let me see--
what disguise shall I assume? I think I'll take the part of
a tramp. Bless my ham sandwich! That will be the very thing.
I'll get some ragged clothes, let my beard grow again--you
see I shaved it off since my last visit--and I'll go around
to the Foger place and ask for work. Then I can get inside
the shed and look around. How's that for a plan?"

"It might be all right," agreed Tom, "only I don't believe
you're cut out for the part of a tramp, Mr. Damon."

"Bless my fingernails! Why not?"

"Oh, well, it isn't very pleasant to go around in ragged
clothes."

"Don't mind about me. I'll do it." And the odd gentleman
seemed quite delighted at the idea. He and Tom talked it
over at some length, and then adjourned to the house, where
Mr. Swift, who had seemed to improve in the last few days,
was told of the plan.

"Couldn't you go around after evidence just as you are?"
asked the aged inventor. "I don't much care for this
disguising business."

"Oh, it's very necessary," insisted Mr. Damon earnestly.
"Bless my gizzard! but it's very necessary. Why, if I went
around the Foger place as I am now, they'd know me in a
minute, and I couldn't find out what I want to know."

"Well, if you keep on blessing yourself," said Tom, with a
laugh, "they'll know you, no matter what disguise you put
on, Mr. Damon."

"That's so," admitted the eccentric gentleman. "I must
break myself of that habit. I will. Bless my topknot! I'll
never do it any more. Bless my trousers buttons!"

"I'm afraid you'll never do it!" exclaimed Tom.

"It is rather hard," said Mr. Damon ruefully, as he
realized what he had said. "But I'll do it. Bless--"

He paused a moment, looked at Tom and his father, and then
burst into a laugh. The habit was more firmly fastened on
him than he was aware.

For several hours Tom, his father and Mr. Damon discussed
various methods of proceeding, and it was finally agreed
that Mr. Damon should first try to learn what Andy was
doing, if anything, without resorting to a disguise.

"Then, if that doesn't work, I'll become a tramp," was the
decision of the odd character. "I'll wear the raggedest
clothes I can find Bless--"  But he stopped in time.

Mr. Damon took up his residence in the Swift household, as
he had often done before, and for the next week he went and
came as he pleased, sometimes being away all night.

"It's no use, though," declared Mr. Damon at the end of
the week. "I can't get anywhere near that shed, nor even get
a glimpse inside of it. I haven't been able to learn
anything, either'. There are two gardeners on guard all the
while, and several times when I've tried to go in the side
gate, they've stopped me."





THE SCARECROW of OZ

Dedicated to

"The uplifters" of Los Angeles, California, in
grateful appreciation of the pleasure I have derived
from association with them, and in recognition of
their sincere endeavor to uplift humanity through
kindness, consideration and good-fellowship. They are
big men--all of them--and all with the generous
hearts of little children.

L. Frank Baum




THE SCARECROW of OZ
by L. Frank Baum


"TWIXT YOU AND ME

The Army of Children which besieged the Postoffice,
conquered the Postmen and delivered to me its imperious
Commands, insisted that Trot and Cap'n Bill be admitted
to the Land of Oz, where Trot could enjoy the society
of Dorothy, Betsy Bobbin and Ozma, while the one-
legged sailor-man might become a comrade of the Tin
Woodman, the Shaggy Man, Tik-Tok and all the other
quaint people who inhabit this wonderful fairyland.

It was no easy task to obey this order and land Trot
and Cap'n Bill safely in Oz, as you will discover by
reading this book. Indeed, it required the best efforts
of our dear old friend, the Scarecrow, to save them
from a dreadful fate on the journey; but the story
leaves them happily located in Ozma's splendid palace
and Dorothy has promised me that Button-Bright and the
three girls are sure to encounter, in the near future,
some marvelous adventures in the Land of Oz, which I
hope to be permitted to relate to you in the next Oz
Book.

Meantime, I am deeply grateful to my little readers
for their continued enthusiasm over the Oz stories, as
evinced in the many letters they send me, all of which
are lovingly cherished. It takes more and more Oz Books
every year to satisfy the demands of old and new
readers, and there have been formed many "Oz Reading
Societies," where the Oz Books owned by different
members are read aloud.  All this is very gratifying to
me and encourages me to write more stories. When the
children have had enough of them, I hope they will let
me know, and then I'll try to write something
different.

L. Frank Baum
"Royal Historian of Oz."
"OZCOT"
at HOLLYWOOD
in CALIFORNIA, 1915.



LIST OF CHAPTERS
 1 - The Great Whirlpool
 2 - The Cavern Under the Sea
 3 - Daylight at Last:
 4 - The Little Old Man of the Island
 5 - The Flight of the Midgets
 6 - The Dumpy Man
 7 - Button-Bright is Lost, and Found Again
 8 - The Kingdom of Jinxland
 9 - Pan, the Gardener's Boy
10 - The Wicked King and Googly-Goo
11 - The Wooden-Legged Grasshopper
12 - Glinda the Good and the Scarecrow of Oz
13 - The Frozen Heart
14 - Trot Meets the Scarecrow
15 - Pon Summons the King to Surrender
16 - The Ork Rescues Button-Bright
17 - The Scarecrow Meets an Enemy
18 - The Conquest of the Witch
19 - Queen Gloria
20 - Dorothy, Betsy and Ozma
21 - The Waterfall
22 - The Land of Oz
23 - The Royal Reception




Chapter One

The Great Whirlpool


"Seems to me," said Cap'n Bill, as he sat beside Trot
under the big acacia tree, looking out over the blue
ocean, "seems to me, Trot, as how the more we know, the
more we find we don't know."

"I can't quite make that out, Cap'n Bill," answered
the little girl in a serious voice, after a moment's
thought, during which her eyes followed those of the
old sailor-man across the glassy surface of the sea.
"Seems to me that all we learn is jus' so much gained."

"I know; it looks that way at first sight," said the
sailor, nodding his head; "but those as knows the least
have a habit of thinkin' they know all there is to
know, while them as knows the most admits what a
turr'ble big world this is. It's the knowing ones that
realize one lifetime ain't long enough to git more'n a
few dips o' the oars of knowledge."

Trot didn't answer. She was a very little girl, with
big, solemn eyes and an earnest, simple manner.
Cap'n Bill had been her faithful companion for years
and had taught her almost everything she knew.

He was a wonderful man, this Cap'n Bill. Not so
very old, although his hair was grizzled -- what there
was of it. Most of his head was bald as an egg and
as shiny as oilcloth, and this made his big ears stick
out in a funny way. His eyes had a gentle look and
were pale blue in color, and his round face was rugged
and bronzed. Cap'n Bill's left leg was missing, from
the knee down, and that was why the sailor no longer
sailed the seas. The wooden leg he wore was good
enough to stump around with on land, or even to take
Trot out for a row or a sail on the ocean, but when it
came to "runnin' up aloft" or performing active
duties on shipboard, the old sailor was not equal to
the task. The loss of his leg had ruined his career
and the old sailor found comfort in devoting himself
to the education and companionship of the little girl.

The accident to Cap'n Bill's leg bad happened at
about the time Trot was born, and ever since that he
had lived with Trot's mother as "a star boarder,"
having enough money saved up to pay for his weekly
"keep."  He loved the baby and often held her on
his lap; her first ride was on Cap'n Bill's shoulders,
for she had no baby-carriage; and when she began
to toddle around, the child and the sailor became
close comrades and enjoyed many strange adventures
together. It is said the fairies had been present at
Trot's birth and had marked her forehead with their
invisible mystic signs, so that she was able to see and
do many wonderful things.

The acacia tree was on top of a high bluff, but a
path ran down the bank in a zigzag way to the water's
edge, where Cap'n Bill's boat was moored to a rock
by means of a stout cable. It had been a hot, sultry
afternoon, with scarcely a breath of air stirring, so
Cap'n Bill and Trot had been quietly sitting beneath
the shade of the tree, waiting for the sun to get low
enough for them to take a row.

They had decided to visit one of the great caves
which the waves had washed out of the rocky coast
during many years of steady effort. The caves were
a source of continual delight to both the girl and the
sailor, who loved to explore their awesome depths.

"I b'lieve, Cap'n," remarked Trot, at last, "that
it's time for us to start."

The old man cast a shrewd glance at the sky, the
sea and the motionless boat. Then he shook his head.

"Mebbe it's time, Trot," he answered, "but I don't
jes' like the looks o' things this afternoon."

"What's wrong?" she asked wonderingly.

"Can't say as to that. Things is too quiet to suit
me, that's all. No breeze, not a ripple a-top the water,
nary a gull a-flyin' anywhere, an' the end o' the hottest
day o' the year. I ain't no weather-prophet, Trot, but
any sailor would know the signs is ominous."

"There's nothing wrong that I can see," said Trot.

"If there was a cloud in the sky even as big as my
thumb, we might worry about it; but -- look, Cap'n! --
the sky is as clear as can be."

He looked again and nodded.

"P'r'aps we can make the cave, all right," he agreed,
not wishing to disappoint her.  "It's only a little way
out, an' we'll be on the watch; so come along, Trot."

Together they descended the winding path to the
beach. It was no trouble for the girl to keep her
footing on the steep way, but Cap'n Bill, because of
his wooden leg, had to hold on to rocks and roots now
and then to save himself from tumbling. On a level path
he was as spry as anyone, but to climb up hill or down
required some care.

They reached the boat safely and while Trot was
untying the rope Cap'n Bill reached into a crevice of
the rock and drew out several tallow candles and a box
of wax matches, which he thrust into the capacious
pockets of his "sou'wester."  This sou'wester was a
short coat of oilskin which the old sailor wore on all
occasions -- when he wore a coat at all -- and the
pockets always contained a variety of objects, useful
and ornamental, which made even Trot wonder where they
all came from and why Cap'n Bill should treasure them.
The jackknives -- a big one and a little one -- the bits
of cord, the fishhooks, the nails: these were handy to
have on certain occasions. But bits of shell, and tin
boxes with unknown contents, buttons, pincers, bottles
of curious stones and the like, seemed quite
unnecessary to carry around. That was Cap'n Bill's
business, however, and now that he added the candles
and the matches to his collection Trot made no comment,
for she knew these last were to light their way through
the caves. The sailor always rowed the boat, for he
handled the oars with strength and skill. Trot sat in
the stern and steered. The place where they embarked
was a little bight or circular bay, and the boat cut
across a much larger bay toward a distant headland
where the caves were located, right at the water's
edge. They were nearly a mile from shore and about
halfway across the bay when Trot suddenly sat up
straight and exclaimed: "What's that, Cap'n?"

He stopped rowing and turned half around to look.

"That, Trot," he slowly replied, "looks to me mighty
like a whirlpool."

"What makes it, Cap'n?"

"A whirl in the air makes the whirl in the water. I
was afraid as we'd meet with trouble, Trot. Things
didn't look right. The air was too still."

"It's coming closer," said the girl.

The old man grabbed the oars and began rowing with
all his strength.

"'Tain't comin' closer to us, Trot," he gasped; "it's
we that are comin' closer to the whirlpool. The thing
is drawin' us to it like a magnet!"

Trot's sun-bronzed face was a little paler as she
grasped the tiller firmly and tried to steer the boat
away; but she said not a word to indicate fear.

The swirl of the water as they came nearer made a
roaring sound that was fearful to listen to. So fierce
and powerful was the whirlpool that it drew the surface
of the sea into the form of a great basin, slanting
downward toward the center, where a big hole had been
made in the ocean -- a hole with walls of water that
were kept in place by the rapid whirling of the air.

The boat in which Trot and Cap'n Bill were riding was
just on the outer edge of this saucer-like slant, and
the old sailor knew very well that unless he could
quickly force the little craft away from the rushing
current they would soon be drawn into the great black
hole that yawned in the middle. So he exerted all his
might and pulled as he had never pulled before. He
pulled so hard that the left oar snapped in two and
sent Cap'n Bill sprawling upon the bottom of the boat.

He scrambled up quickly enough and glanced over the
side. Then he looked at Trot, who sat quite still, with
a serious, far-away look in her sweet eyes. The boat
was now speeding swiftly of its own accord, following
the line of the circular basin round and round and
gradually drawing nearer to the great hole in the
center. Any further effort to escape the whirlpool was
useless, and realizing this fact Cap'n Bill turned
toward Trot and put an arm around her, as if to shield
her from the awful fate before them.  He did not try to
speak, because the roar of the waters would have
drowned the sound of his voice.

These two faithful comrades had faced dangers before,
but nothing to equal that which now faced them. Yet
Cap'n Bill, noting the look in Trot's eyes and
remembering how often she had been protected by unseen
powers, did not quite give way to despair.

The great hole in the dark water -- now growing
nearer and nearer -- looked very terrifying; but they
were both brave enough to face it and await the result
of the adventure.




Chapter Two

The Cavern Under the Sea



The circles were so much smaller at the bottom of the
basin, and the boat moved so much more swiftly, that
Trot was beginning to get dizzy with the motion, when
suddenly the boat made a leap and dived headlong into
the murky depths of the hole. Whirling like tops, but
still clinging together, the sailor and the girl were
separated from their boat and plunged down -- down --
down -- into the farthermost recesses of the great
ocean.

At first their fall was swift as an arrow, but
presently they seemed to be going more moderately and
Trot was almost sure that unseen arms were about her,
supporting her and protecting her. She could see
nothing, because the water filled her eyes and blurred
her vision, but she clung fast to Cap'n Bill's
sou'wester, while other arms clung fast to her, and so
they gradually sank down and down until a full stop was
made, when they began to ascend again.

But it seemed to Trot that they were not rising
straight to the surface from where they had come. The
water was no longer whirling them and they seemed to be
drawn in a slanting direction through still, cool ocean
depths. And then -- in much quicker time than I have
told it -- up they popped to the surface and were cast
at full length upon a sandy beach, where they lay
choking and gasping for breath and wondering what had
happened to them.

Trot was the first to recover. Disengaging herself
from Cap'n Bill's wet embrace and sitting up, she
rubbed the water from her eyes and then looked around
her.  A soft, bluish-green glow lighted the place,
which seemed to be a sort of cavern, for above and on
either side of her were rugged rocks. They had been
cast upon a beach of clear sand, which slanted upward
from the pool of water at their feet -- a pool which
doubtless led into the big ocean that fed it. Above the
reach of the waves of the pool were more rocks, and
still more and more, into the dim windings and recesses
of which the glowing light from the water did not
penetrate.

The place looked grim and lonely, but Trot was
thankful that she was still alive and had suffered no
severe injury during her trying adventure under water.
At her side Cap'n Bill was sputtering and coughing,
trying to get rid of the water he had swallowed. Both
of them were soaked through, yet the cavern was warm
and comfortable and a wetting did not dismay the little
girl in the least.

She crawled up the slant of sand and gathered in her
hand a bunch of dried seaweed, with which she mopped
the face of Cap'n Bill and cleared the water from his
eyes and ears. Presently the old man sat up and stared
at her intently. Then he nodded his bald head three
times and said in a gurgling voice:

"Mighty good, Trot; mighty good! We didn't reach Davy
Jones's locker that time, did we? Though why we didn't,
an' why we're here, is more'n I kin make out."

"Take it easy, Cap'n," she replied. "We're safe
enough, I guess, at least for the time being."

He squeezed the water out of the bottoms of his loose
trousers and felt of his wooden leg and arms and head,
and finding he had brought all of his person with him
he gathered courage to examine closely their
surroundings.

"Where d'ye think we are, Trot?." he presently asked.

"Can't say, Cap'n. P'r'aps in one of our caves."

He shook his head. "No," said he, "I don't think
that, at all.  The distance we came up didn't seem half
as far as the distance we went down; an' you'll notice
there ain't any outside entrance to this cavern
whatever. It's a reg'lar dome over this pool o' water,
and unless there's some passage at the back, up yonder,
we're fast pris'ners."

Trot looked thoughtfully over her shoulder.

"When we're rested," she said, "we will crawl up
there and see if there's a way to get out."

Cap'n Bill reached in the pocket of his oilskin coat
and took out his pipe. It was still dry, for he kept it
in an oilskin pouch with his tobacco. His matches were
in a tight tin box, so in a few moments the old sailor
was smoking contentedly. Trot knew it helped him to
think when he was in any difficulty. Also, the pipe did
much to restore the old sailor's composure, after his
long ducking and his terrible fright -- a fright that
was more on Trot's account than his own.

The sand was dry where they sat, and soaked up the
water that dripped from their clothing. When Trot had
squeezed the wet out of her hair she began to feel much
like her old self again. By and by they got upon their
feet and crept up the incline to the scattered boulders
above. Some of these were of huge size, but by passing
between some and around others, they were able to reach
the extreme rear of the cavern.

"Yes," said Trot, with interest, "here's a round
hole."

"And it's black as night inside it," remarked Cap'n
Bill.

Just the same," answered the girl, "we ought to
explore it, and see where it goes, 'cause it's the only
poss'ble way we can get out of this place."

Cap'n Bill eyed the hole doubtfully

"It may be a way out o' here, Trot," he said, "but it
may be a way into a far worse place than this. I'm not
sure but our best plan is to stay right here."

Trot wasn't sure, either, when she thought of it in
that light. After awhile she made her way back to the
sands again, and Cap'n Bill followed her. As they sat
down, the child looked thoughtfully at the sailor's
bulging pockets.

"How much food have we got, Cap'n?" she asked.

"Half a dozen ship's biscuits an' a hunk o' cheese,"
he replied. "Want some now, Trot?"

She shook her head, saying:

"That ought to keep us alive 'bout three days if
we're careful of it."

"Longer'n that, Trot," said Cap'n Bill, but his voice
was a little troubled and unsteady.

"But if we stay here we're bound to starve in time,"
continued the girl, "while if we go into the dark hole
--"

"Some things are more hard to face than starvation,"
said the sailor-man, gravely. "We don't know what's
inside that dark hole: Trot, nor where it might lead us
to."

"There's a way to find that out," she persisted.

Instead of replying, Cap'n Bill began searching in
his pockets. He soon drew out a little package of fish-
hooks and a long line. Trot watched him join them
together. Then he crept a little way up the slope and
turned over a big rock. Two or three small crabs began
scurrying away over the sands and the old sailor caught
them and put one on his hook and the others in his
pocket. Coming back to the pool he swung the hook over
his shoulder and circled it around his head and cast it
nearly into the center of the water, where he allowed
it to sink gradually, paying out the line as far as it
would go. When the end was reached, he began drawing it
in again, until the crab bait was floating on the
surface.

Trot watched him cast the line a second time, and a
third. She decided that either there were no fishes in
the pool or they would not bite the crab bait. But
Cap'n Bill was an old fisherman and not easily
discouraged. When the crab got away he put another on
the hook. When the crabs were all gone he climbed up
the rocks and found some more.

Meantime Trot tired of watching him and lay down upon
the sands, where she fell fast asleep. During the next
two hours her clothing dried completely, as did that of
the old sailor. They were both so used to salt water
that there was no danger of taking cold.

Finally the little girl was wakened by a splash
beside her and a grunt of satisfaction from Cap'n Bill.
She opened her eyes to find that the Cap'n had landed a
silver-scaled fish weighing about two pounds. This
cheered her considerably and she hurried to scrape
together a heap of seaweed, while Cap'n Bill cut up the
fish with his jackknife and got it ready for cooking.

They had cooked fish with seaweed before. Cap'n Bill
wrapped his fish in some of the weed and dipped it in
the water to dampen it. Then he lighted a match and set
fire to Trot's heap, which speedily burned down to a
glowing bed of ashes. Then they laid the wrapped fish
on the ashes, covered it with more seaweed, and allowed
this to catch fire and burn to embers. After feeding
the fire with seaweed for some time, the sailor finally
decided that their supper was ready, so he scattered
the ashes and drew out the bits of fish, still encased
in their smoking wrappings.

When these wrappings were removed, the fish was found
thoroughly cooked and both Trot and Cap'n Bill ate of
it freely. It had a slight flavor of seaweed and would
have been better with a sprinkling of salt.

The soft glow which until now had lighted the cavern,
began to grow dim, but there was a great quantity of
seaweed in the place, so after they had eaten their
fish they kept the fire alive for a time by giving it a
handful of fuel now and then.

From an inner pocket the sailor drew a small flask of
battered metal and unscrewing the cap handed it to
Trot.  She took but one swallow of the water although
she wanted more, and she noticed that Cap'n Bill merely
wet his lips with it.

"S'pose," said she, staring at the glowing seaweed
fire and speaking slowly, "that we can catch all the
fish we need; how 'bout the drinking-water, Cap'n?"

He moved uneasily but did not reply. Both of them
were thinking about the dark hole, but while Trot had
little fear of it the old man could not overcome his
dislike to enter the place. He knew that Trot was
right, though. To remain in the cavern, where they now
were, could only result in slow but sure death.

It was nighttime up on the earth's surface, so the
little girl became drowsy and soon fell asleep. After a
time the old sailor slumbered on the sands beside her.
It was very still and nothing disturbed them for hours.
When at last they awoke the cavern was light again.

They had divided one of the biscuits and were
munching it for breakfast when they were startled by a
sudden splash in the pool. Looking toward it they saw
emerging from the water the most curious creature
either of them had ever beheld. It wasn't a fish, Trot
decided, nor was it a beast. It had wings, though, and
queer wings they were: shaped like an inverted
chopping-bowl and covered with tough skin instead of
feathers. It had four legs -- much like the legs of a
stork, only double the number -- and its head was
shaped a good deal like that of a poll parrot, with a
beak that curved downward in front and upward at the
edges, and was half bill and half mouth. But to call it
a bird was out of the question, because it had no
feathers whatever except a crest of wavy plumes of a
scarlet color on the very top of its head. The strange
creature must have weighed as much as Cap'n Bill, and
as it floundered and struggled to get out of the water
to the sandy beach it was so big and unusual that both
Trot and her companion stared at it in wonder -- in
wonder that was not unmixed with fear.




Chapter Three

The Ork


The eyes that regarded them, as the creature stood
dripping before them, were bright and mild in
expression, and the queer addition to their party made
no attempt to attack them and seemed quite as surprised
by the meeting as they were.

"I wonder," whispered Trot, "what it is."

"Who, me?" exclaimed the creature in a shrill, high-
pitched voice. "Why, I'm an Ork."

"Oh!" said the girl. "But what is an Ork?"

"I am," he repeated, a little proudly, as he shook
the water from his funny wings; "and if ever an Ork was
glad to be out of the water and on dry land again, you
can be mighty sure that I'm that especial, individual
Ork!"

"Have you been in the water long?" inquired Cap'n
Bill, thinking it only polite to show an interest in
the strange creature.

"why, this last ducking was about ten minutes, I
believe, and that's about nine minutes and sixty
seconds too long for comfort," was the reply. "But last
night I was in an awful pickle, I assure you. The
whirlpool caught me, and --"

"Oh, were you in the whirlpool, too?" asked Trot
eagerly

He gave her a glance that was somewhat reproachful.

"I believe I was mentioning the fact, young lady,
when your desire to talk interrupted me," said the Ork.
"I am not usually careless in my actions, but that
whirlpool was so busy yesterday that I thought I'd see
what mischief it was up to. So I flew a little too near
it and the suction of the air drew me down into the
depths of the ocean. Water and I are natural enemies,
and it would have conquered me this time had not a bevy
of pretty mermaids come to my assistance and dragged me
away from the whirling water and far up into a cavern,
where they deserted me."

"Why, that's about the same thing that happened to
us," cried Trot. "Was your cavern like this one?"

"I haven't examined this one yet," answered the Ork;
"but if they happen to be alike I shudder at our fate,
for the other one was a prison, with no outlet except
by means of the water.  I stayed there all night,
however, and this morning I plunged into the pool, as
far down as I could go, and then swam as hard and as
far as I could. The rocks scraped my back, now and
then, and I barely escaped the clutches of an ugly sea-
monster; but by and by I came to the surface to catch
my breath, and found myself here. That's the whole
story, and as I see you have something to eat I entreat
you to give me a share of it. The truth is, I'm half
starved."

With these words the Ork squatted down beside them.
Very reluctantly Cap'n Bill drew another biscuit from
his pocket and held it out. The Ork promptly seized it
in one of its front claws and began to nibble the
biscuit in much the same manner a parrot might have
done.

"We haven't much grub," said the sailor-man, "but
we're willin' to share it with a comrade in distress."

"That's right," returned the Ork, cocking its head
sidewise in a cheerful manner, and then for a few
minutes there was silence while they all ate of the
biscuits. After a while Trot said:

"I've never seen or heard of an Ork before. Are there
many of you?"

"We are rather few and exclusive, I believe," was the
reply. "In the country where I was born we are the
absolute rulers of all living things, from ants to
elephants."

"What country is that?" asked Cap'n Bill.

"Orkland."

"Where does it lie?"

"I don't know, exactly. You see, I have a restless
nature, for some reason, while all the rest of my race
are quiet and contented Orks and seldom stray far from
home. From childhood days I loved to fly long distances
away, although father often warned me that I would get
into trouble by so doing.

"'It's a big world, Flipper, my son,' he would say,
'and I've heard that in parts of it live queer two-
legged creatures called Men, who war upon all other
living things and would have little respect for even an
Ork.'

"This naturally aroused my curiosity and after I had
completed my education and left school I decided to fly
out into the world and try to get a glimpse of the
creatures called Men. So I left home without saying
good-bye, an act I shall always regret. Adventures were
many, I found. I sighted men several times, but have
never before been so close to them as now. Also I had
to fight my way through the air, for I met gigantic
birds, with fluffy feathers all over them, which
attacked me fiercely. Besides, it kept me busy escaping
from floating airships. In my rambling I had lost all
track of distance or direction, so that when I wanted
to go home I had no idea where my country was located.
I've now been trying to find it for several months and
it was during one of my flights over the ocean that I
met the whirlpool and became its victim."

Trot and Cap'n Bill listened to this recital with
much interest, and from the friendly tone and harmless
appearance of the Ork they judged he was not likely to
prove so disagreeable a companion as at first they had
feared he might be.

The Ork sat upon its haunches much as a cat does, but
used the finger-like claws of its front legs almost as
cleverly as if they were hands. Perhaps the most
curious thing about the creature was its tail, or what
ought to have been its tail. This queer arrangement of
skin, bones and muscle was shaped like the propellers
used on boats and airships, having fan-like surfaces
and being pivoted to its body. Cap'n Bill knew
something of mechanics, and observing the propeller-
like tail of the Ork he said:

"I s'pose you're a pretty swift flyer?"

"Yes, indeed; the Orks are admitted to be Kings of
the Air."

"Your wings don't seem to amount to much," remarked
Trot.

"Well, they are not very big," admitted the Ork,
waving the four hollow skins gently to and fro, "but
they serve to support my body in the air while I speed
along by means of my tail. Still, taken altogether, I'm
very handsomely formed, don't you think?"

Trot did not like to reply, but Cap'n Bill nodded
gravely. "For an Ork," said he, "you're a wonder.
I've never seen one afore, but I can imagine you're
as good as any."

That seemed to please the creature and it began
walking around the cavern, making its way easily
up the slope. while it was gone, Trot and Cap'n Bill
each took another sip from the water-flask, to wash
down their breakfast.

"Why, here's a hole -- an exit -- an outlet!"
exclaimed the Ork from above.

"We know," said Trot. "We found it last night."

"Well, then, let's be off," continued the Ork, after
sticking its head into the black hole and sniffing once
or twice. "The air seems fresh and sweet, and it can't
lead us to any worse place than this."

The girl and the sailor-man got up and climbed to the
side of the Ork.

"We'd about decided to explore this hole before you
came," explained Cap'n Bill; "but it's a dangerous
place to navigate in the dark, so wait till I light a
candle."

"What is a candle?" inquired the Ork.

"You'll see in a minute," said Trot.

The old sailor drew one of the candles from his
right-side pocket and the tin matchbox from his left-
side pocket. When he lighted the match the Ork gave a
startled jump and eyed the flame suspiciously; but
Cap'n Bill proceeded to light the candle and the action
interested the Ork very much.

"Light," it said, somewhat nervously, "is valuable in
a hole of this sort. The candle is not dangerous, I
hope?"

"Sometimes it burns your fingers," answered Trot,
"but that's about the worst it can do -- 'cept to blow
out when you don't want it to."

Cap'n Bill shielded the flame with his hand and
crept into the hole. It wasn't any too big for a grown
man, but after he had crawled a few feet it grew
larger.  Trot came close behind him and then the
Ork followed.

"Seems like a reg'lar tunnel," muttered the sailor-
man, who was creeping along awkwardly because of his
wooden leg. The rocks, too, hurt his knees.

For nearly half an hour the three moved slowly along
the tunnel, which made many twists and turns and
sometimes slanted downward and sometimes upward.
Finally Cap'n Bill stopped short, with an exclamation
of disappointment, and held the flickering candle far
ahead to light the scene.

"What's wrong?" demanded Trot, who could see nothing
because the sailor's form completely filled the hole.

"Why, we've come to the end of our travels, I guess,"
he replied.

"Is the hole blocked?" inquired the Ork.

"No; it's wuss nor that," replied Cap'n Bill sadly.
"I'm on the edge of a precipice. Wait a minute an' I'll
move along and let you see for yourselves. Be careful,
Trot, not to fall."

Then he crept forward a little and moved to one side,
holding the candle so that the girl could see to follow
him. The Ork came next and now all three knelt on a
narrow ledge of rock which dropped straight away and
left a huge black space which the tiny flame of the
candle could not illuminate.

"H-m!" said the Ork, peering over the edge; "this
doesn't look very promising, I'll admit. But let me
take your candle, and I'll fly down and see what's
below us."

"Aren't you afraid?" asked Trot.

"Certainly I'm afraid," responded the Ork. "But
if we intend to escape we can't stay on this shelf
forever. So, as I notice you poor creatures cannot fly,
it is my duty to explore the place for you."

Cap'n Bill handed the Ork the candle, which had now
burned to about half its length. The Ork took it in one
claw rather cautiously and then tipped its body forward
and slipped over the edge. They heard a queer buzzing
sound, as the tail revolved, and a brisk flapping of
the peculiar wings, but they were more interested just
then in following with their eyes the tiny speck of
light which marked the location of the candle. This
light first made a great circle, then dropped slowly
downward and suddenly was extinguished, leaving
everything before them black as ink.

"Hi, there! How did that happen?" cried the Ork.

"It blew out, I guess," shouted Cap'n Bill. "Fetch it
here."

"I can't see where you are," said the Ork.

So Cap'n Bill got out another candle and lighted it,
and its flame enabled the Ork to fly back to them.
It alighted on the edge and held out the bit of candle.

"What made it stop burning?" asked the creature.

The wind," said Trot. "You must be more careful, this
time."

"What's the place like?" inquired Cap'n Bill.

"I don't know, yet; but there must be a bottom to it,
so I'll try to find it."

With this the Ork started out again and this time
sank downward more slowly. Down, down, down it went,
till the candle was a mere spark, and then it headed
away to the left and Trot and Cap'n Bill lost all sight
of it.

In a few minutes, however, they saw the spark of
light again, and as the sailor still held the second
lighted candle the Ork made straight toward them. It
was only a few yards distant when suddenly it dropped
the candle with a cry of pain and next moment alighted,
fluttering wildly, upon the rocky ledge.

"What's the matter?" asked Trot.

It bit me!" wailed the Ork. "I don't like your
candles. The thing began to disappear slowly as soon as
I took it in my claw, and it grew smaller and smaller
until just now it turned and bit me -- a most
unfriendly thing to do. Oh -- oh! Ouch, what a bite!"

"That's the nature of candles, I'm sorry to say,"
explained Cap'n Bill, with a grin. "You have to handle
'em mighty keerful. But tell us, what did you find down
there?"

"I found a way to continue our journey," said the
Ork, nursing tenderly the claw which had been burned.
"Just below us is a great lake of black water, which
looked so cold and wicked that it made me shudder;
but away at the left there's a big tunnel, which we
can easily walk through. I don't know where it leads
to, of course, but we must follow it and find out."
"why, we can't get to it," protested the little girl.
"We can't fly, as you do, you must remember."

"No, that's true," replied the Ork musingly. "Your
bodies are built very poorly, it seems to me, since all
you can do is crawl upon the earth's surface. But you
may ride upon my back, and in that way I can promise
you a safe journey to the tunnel."

"Are you strong enough to carry us?" asked Cap'n
Bill, doubtfully.

"Yes, indeed; I'm strong enough to carry a dozen of
you, if you could find a place to sit," was the reply;
"but there's only room between my wings for one at a
time, so I'll have to make two trips."

"All right; I'll go first," decided Cap'n Bill.

He lit another candle for Trot to hold while they
were gone and to light the Ork on his return to her,
and then the old sailor got upon the Ork's back, where
he sat with his wooden leg sticking straight out
sidewise.

"If you start to fall, clasp your arms around my
neck," advised the creature.

"If I start to fall, it's good night an' pleasant
dreams," said Cap'n Bill.

"All ready?" asked the Ork.

"Start the buzz-tail," said Cap'n Bill, with a
tremble in his voice. But the Ork flew away so gently
that the old man never even tottered in his seat. Trot
watched the light of Cap'n Bill's candle till it
disappeared in the far distance. She didn't like to be
left alone on this dangerous ledge, with a lake of
black water hundreds of feet below her; but she was a
brave little girl and waited patiently for the return
of the Ork. It came even sooner than she had expected
and the creature said to her:

"Your friend is safe in the tunnel. Now, then, get
aboard and I'll carry you to him in a jiffy."

I'm sure not many little girls would have cared to
take that awful ride through the huge black cavern on
the back of a skinny Ork. Trot didn't care for it,
herself, but it just had to be done and so she did it
as courageously as possible. Her heart beat fast and
she was so nervous she could scarcely hold the candle
in her fingers as the Ork sped swiftly through the
darkness.

It seemed like a long ride to her, yet in reality the
Ork covered the distance in a wonderfully brief period
of time and soon Trot stood safely beside Cap'n Bill on
the level floor of a big arched tunnel. The sailor-man
was very glad to greet his little comrade again and
both were grateful to the Ork for his assistance.

"I dunno where this tunnel leads to," remarked Cap'n
Bill, "but it surely looks more promisin' than that
other hole we crept through."

"When the Ork is rested," said Trot, "we'll travel on
and see what happens."

"Rested!" cried the Ork, as scornfully as his shrill
voice would allow. "That bit of flying didn't tire me
at all. I'm used to flying days at a time, without ever
once stopping."

"Then let's move on," proposed Cap'n Bill. He still
held in his hand one lighted candle, so Trot blew out
the other flame and placed her candle in the sailor's
big pocket. She knew it was not wise to burn two
candles at once.

The tunnel was straight and smooth and very easy to
walk through, so they made good progress. Trot thought
that the tunnel began about two miles from the cavern
where they had been cast by the whirlpool, but now it
was impossible to guess the miles traveled, for they
walked steadily for hours and hours without any change
in their surroundings.

Finally Cap'n Bill stopped to rest.

"There's somethin' queer about this 'ere tunnel, I'm
certain," he declared, wagging his head dolefully.
"Here's three candles gone a'ready, an' only three more
left us, yet the tunnel's the same as it was when we
started. An' how long it's goin' to keep up, no one
knows."

"Couldn't we walk without a light?" asked Trot. "The
way seems safe enough."

"It does right now," was the reply, "but we can't
tell when we are likely to come to another gulf, or
somethin' jes' as dangerous. In that case we'd be
killed afore we knew it."

"Suppose I go ahead?" suggested the Ork.  "I don't
fear a fall, you know, and if anything happens I'll
call out and warn you."

"That's a good idea," declared Trot, and Cap'n Bill
thought so, too. So the Ork started off ahead, quite in
the dark, and hand in band the two followed him.

When they had walked in this way for a good long time
the Ork halted and demanded food. Cap'n Bill had not
mentioned food because there was so little left -- only
three biscuits and a lump of cheese about as big as his
two fingers -- but he gave the Ork half of a biscuit,
sighing as he did so. The creature didn't care for the
cheese, so the sailor divided it between himself and
Trot. They lighted a candle and sat down in the tunnel
while they ate.

"My feet hurt me," grumbled the Ork.  "I'm not used
to walking and this rocky passage is so uneven and
lumpy that it hurts me to walk upon it."

"Can't you fly along?" asked Trot.

"No; the roof is too low," said the Ork.

After the meal they resumed their journey, which Trot
began to fear would never end. When Cap'n Bill noticed
how tired the little girl was, he paused and lighted a
match and looked at his big silver watch.

"Why, it's night!" he exclaimed. "We've tramped all
day, an' still we're in this awful passage, which mebbe
goes straight through the middle of the world, an'
mebbe is a circle -- in which case we can keep walkin'
till doomsday. Not knowin' what's before us so well as
we know what's behind us, I propose we make a stop,
now, an' try to sleep till mornin'."

"That will suit me," asserted the Ork, with a groan.
"My feet are hurting me dreadfully and for the last few
miles I've been limping with pain."

"My foot hurts, too," said the sailor, looking for a
smooth place on the rocky floor to sit down.

"Your foot!" cried the Ork. "why, you've only one to
hurt you, while I have four. So I suffer four times as
much as you possibly can. Here; hold the candle while I
look at the bottoms of my claws. I declare," he said,
examining them by the flickering light, "there are
bunches of pain all over them!"

"P'r'aps," said Trot, who was very glad to sit down
beside her companions, "you've got corns."

"Corns? Nonsense! Orks never have corns," protested
the creature, rubbing its sore feet tenderly.

"Then mebbe they're - they're - What do you call 'em,
Cap'n Bill? Something 'bout the Pilgrim's Progress, you
know."

"Bunions," said Cap'n Bill.

"Oh, yes; mebbe you've got bunions."

"It is possible," moaned the Ork.  "But whatever they
are, another day of such walking on them would drive me
crazy."

"I'm sure they'll feel better by mornin'," said Cap'n
Bill, encouragingly. "Go to sleep an' try to forget
your sore feet."

The Ork cast a reproachful look at the sailor-man,
who didn't see it. Then the creature asked plaintively:
"Do we eat now, or do we starve?"

"There's only half a biscuit left for you," answered
Cap'n Bill. "No one knows how long we'll have to stay
in this dark tunnel, where there's nothing whatever to
eat; so I advise you to save that morsel o' food till
later."

"Give it me now!" demanded the Ork. "If I'm going to
starve, I'll do it all at once -- not by degrees."

Cap'n Bill produced the biscuit and the creature ate
it in a trice. Trot was rather hungry and whispered to
Cap'n Bill that she'd take part of her share; but the
old man secretly broke his own half-biscuit in two,
saving Trot's share for a time of greater need.

He was beginning to be worried over the little girl's
plight and long after she was asleep and the Ork was
snoring in a rather disagreeable manner, Cap'n Bill sat
with his back to a rock and smoked his pipe and tried
to think of some way to escape from this seemingly
endless tunnel. But after a time he also slept, for
hobbling on a wooden leg all day was tiresome, and
there in the dark slumbered the three adventurers for
many hours, until the Ork roused itself and kicked the
old sailor with one foot.

"It must be another day," said he.




Chapter Four

Daylight at Last


Cap'n Bill rubbed his eyes, lit a match and consulted
his watch.

"Nine o'clock.  Yes, I guess it's another day, sure
enough. Shall we go on?" he asked.

"Of course," replied the Ork. "Unless this tunnel
is different from everything else in the world, and
has no end, we'll find a way out of it sooner or later."

The sailor gently wakened Trot. She felt much rested
by her long sleep and sprang to her feet eagerly.

"Let's start, Cap'n," was all she said.

They resumed the journey and had only taken a
few steps when the Ork cried "Wow!" and made a
great fluttering of its wings and whirling of its tail.
The others, who were following a short distance
behind, stopped abruptly.

"What's the matter?" asked Cap'n Bill.

"Give us a light," was the reply. "I think we've come
to the end of the tunnel." Then, while Cap'n Bill
lighted a candle, the creature added: "If that is true,
we needn't have wakened so soon, for we were almost at
the end of this place when we went to sleep."

The sailor-man and Trot came forward with a light. A
wall of rock really faced the tunnel, but now they saw
that the opening made a sharp turn to the left. So they
followed on, by a narrower passage, and then made
another sharp turn this time to the right.

"Blow out the light, Cap'n," said the Ork, in a
pleased voice. "We've struck daylight."

Daylight at last! A shaft of mellow light fell almost
at their feet as Trot and the sailor turned the corner
of the passage, but it came from above, and raising
their eyes they found they were at the bottom of a
deep, rocky well, with the top far, far above their
heads. And here the passage ended.

For a while they gazed in silence, at least two of
them being filled with dismay at the sight. But the Ork
merely whistled softly and said cheerfully:

"That was the toughest journey I ever had the
misfortune to undertake, and I'm glad it's over. Yet,
unless I can manage to fly to the top of this pit, we
are entombed here forever."

"Do you think there is room enough for you to fly
in?" asked the little girl anxiously; and Cap'n Bill
added:

"It's a straight-up shaft, so I don't see how you'll
ever manage it."

"Were I an ordinary bird -- one of those horrid
feathered things -- I wouldn't even make the attempt to
fly out," said the Ork.  "But my mechanical propeller
tail can accomplish wonders, and whenever you're ready
I'll show you a trick that is worth while."

"Oh!" exclaimed Trot; "do you intend to take us up,
too?"

"Why not?"

"I thought," said Cap'n Bill, "as you'd go first, an'
then send somebody to help us by lettin' down a rope."

"Ropes are dangerous," replied the Ork, "and I might
not be able to find one to reach all this distance.
Besides, it stands to reason that if I can get out
myself I can also carry you two with me."

"Well, I'm not afraid," said Trot, who longed to be
on the earth's surface again.

"S'pose we fall?" suggested Cap'n Bill, doubtfully.

"Why, in that case we would all fall together,"
returned the Ork. "Get aboard, little girl; sit across
my shoulders and put both your arms around my neck."

Trot obeyed and when she was seated on the Ork,
Cap'n Bill inquired:

"How 'bout me, Mr. Ork?"

"Why, I think you'd best grab hold of my rear
legs and let me carry you up in that manner," was
the reply.

Cap'n Bill looked way up at the top of the well, and
then he looked at the Ork's slender, skinny legs and
heaved a deep sigh.

"It's goin' to be some dangle, I guess; but if you
don't waste too much time on the way up, I may be able
to hang on," said he.

"All ready, then!" cried the Ork, and at once his
whirling tail began to revolve. Trot felt herself
rising into the air; when the creature's legs left the
ground Cap'n Bill grasped two of them firmly and held
on for dear life.  The Ork's body was tipped straight
upward, and Trot had to embrace the neck very tightly
to keep from sliding off. Even in this position the Ork
had trouble in escaping the rough sides of the well.
Several times it exclaimed "Wow!" as it bumped its
back, or a wing hit against some jagged projection; but
the tail kept whirling with remarkable swiftness and
the daylight grew brighter and brighter. It was,
indeed, a long journey from the bottom to the top, yet
almost before Trot realized they had come so far, they
popped out of the hole into the clear air and sunshine
and a moment later the Ork alighted gently upon the
ground.

The release was so sudden that even with the
creature's care for its passengers Cap'n Bill struck
the earth with a shock that sent him rolling heel over
head; but by the time Trot had slid down from her seat
the old sailor-man was sitting up and looking around
him with much satisfaction.

"It's sort o' pretty here," said he.

"Earth is a beautiful place!" cried Trot.

"I wonder where on earth we are?" pondered the Ork,
turning first one bright eye and then the other to this
side and that. Trees there were, in plenty, and shrubs
and flowers and green turf. But there were no houses;
there were no paths; there was no sign of civilization
whatever.

"Just before I settled down on the ground I thought I
caught a view of the ocean," said the Ork. "Let's see
if I was right." Then he flew to a little hill, near
by, and Trot and Cap'n Bill followed him more slowly.
When they stood on the top of the hill they could see
the blue waves of the ocean in front of them, to the
right of them, and at the left of them. Behind the
hill was a forest that shut out the view.

"I hope it ain't an island, Trot," said Cap'n Bill
gravely.

"If it is, I s'pose we're prisoners," she replied.

"Ezzackly so, Trot."

"But, 'even so, it's better than those terr'ble
underground tunnels and caverns," declared the girl.

"You are right, little one," agreed the Ork.
"Anything above ground is better than the best that
lies under ground. So let's not quarrel with our fate
but be thankful we've escaped."

"We are, indeed!" she replied. "But I wonder if
we can find something to eat in this place?"

"Let's explore an' find out," proposed Cap'n Bill.
"Those trees over at the left look like cherry-trees."

On the way to them the explorers had to walk
through a tangle of vines and Cap'n Bill, who went
first, stumbled and pitched forward on his face.

"Why, it's a melon!" cried Trot delightedly, as
she saw what had caused the sailor to fall.

Cap'n Bill rose to his foot, for he was not at all
hurt, and examined the melon. Then he took his big
jackknife from his pocket and cut the melon open. It
was quite ripe and looked delicious; but the old man
tasted it before he permitted Trot to eat any. Deciding
it was good he gave her a big slice and then offered
the Ork some. The creature looked at the fruit somewhat
disdainfully, at first, but once he had tasted its
flavor he ate of it as heartily as did the others.
Among the vines they discovered many other melons, and
Trot said gratefully: "Well, there's no danger of our
starving, even if this is an island."

"Melons," remarked Cap'n Bill, "are both food an'
water. We couldn't have struck anything better."

Farther on they came to the cherry trees, where they
obtained some of the fruit, and at the edge of the
little forest were wild plums. The forest itself
consisted entirely of nut trees -- walnuts, filberts,
almonds and chestnuts -- so there would be plenty of
wholesome food for them while they remained there.

Cap'n Bill and Trot decided to walk through the
forest, to discover what was on the other side of it,
but the Ork's feet were still so sore and "lumpy" from
walking on the rocks that the creature said he
preferred to fly over the tree-tops and meet them on
the other side. The forest was not large, so by walking
briskly for fifteen minutes they reached its farthest
edge and saw before them the shore of the ocean.

"It's an island, all right," said Trot, with a sigh.

"Yes, and a pretty island, too," said Cap'n Bill,
trying to conceal his disappointment on Trot's account.
"I guess, partner, if the wuss comes to the wuss, I
could build a raft -- or even a boat -- from those
trees, so's we could sail away in it."

The little girl brightened at this suggestion.
"I don't see the Ork anywhere," she remarked, looking
around. Then her eyes lighted upon something and she
exclaimed: "Oh, Cap'n Bill! Isn't that a house, over
there to the left?"

Cap'n Bill, looking closely, saw a shed-like structure
built at one edge of the forest.

"Seems like it, Trot. Not that I'd call it much of a
house, but it's a buildin', all right. Let's go over
an' see if it's occypied."




Chapter Five

The Little Old Man of the Island


A few steps brought them to the shed, which was merely
a roof of boughs built over a square space, with some
branches of trees fastened to the sides to keep off the
wind. The front was quite open and faced the sea, and as
our friends came nearer they observed a little man, with
a long pointed beard, sitting motionless on a stool and
staring thoughtfully out over the water.

"Get out of the way, please," he called in a fretful
voice. "Can't you see you are obstructing my view?"

"Good morning," said Cap'n Bill, politely.

"It isn't a good morning!" snapped the little man.
"I've seen plenty of mornings better than this.  Do
you call it a good morning when I'm pestered with
such a crowd as you?"

Trot was astonished to hear such words from a
stranger whom they had greeted quite properly, and
Cap'n Bill grew red at the little man's rudeness. But
the sailor said, in a quiet tone of voice:

"Are you the only one as lives on this 'ere island?"

"Your grammar's bad," was the reply. "But this is my
own exclusive island, and I'll thank you to get off it as
soon as possible."

"We'd like to do that," said Trot, and then she and
Cap'n Bill turned away and walked down to the shore, to
see if any other land was in sight.

The little man rose and followed them, although both
were now too provoked to pay any attention to him.

Nothin' in sight, partner," reported Cap'n Bill,
shading his eyes with his hand; "so we'll have to
stay here for a time, anyhow. It isn't a bad place,
Trot, by any means."

"That's all you know about it!" broke in the little
man. "The trees are altogether too green and the rocks
are harder than they ought to be. I find the sand very
grainy and the water dreadfully wet. Every breeze makes a
draught and the sun shines in the daytime, when there's
no need of it, and disappears just as soon as it begins
to get dark. If you remain here you'll find the island
very unsatisfactory."

Trot turned to look at him, and her sweet face was
grave and curious.

"I wonder who you are," she said.

"My name is Pessim," said he, with an air of pride.
"I'm called the Observer,"

"Oh. What do you observe?" asked the little girl.

"Everything I see," was the reply, in a more surly
tone. Then Pessim drew back with a startled exclamation
and looked at some footprints in the sand. "Why, good
gracious me!" he cried in distress.

"What's the matter now?" asked Cap'n Bill.

"Someone has pushed the earth in!  Don't you see it?

"It isn't pushed in far enough to hurt anything," said
Trot, examining the footprints.

"Everything hurts that isn't right," insisted the man.
"If the earth were pushed in a mile, it would be a great
calamity, wouldn't it?"

"I s'pose so," admitted the little girl.

"Well, here it is pushed in a full inch!  That's a
twelfth of a foot, or a little more than a millionth part
of a mile.  Therefore it is one-millionth part of a
calamity -- Oh, dear! How dreadful!" said Pessim in a
wailing voice.

"Try to forget it, sir," advised Cap'n Bill,
soothingly. "It's beginning to rain. Let's get under your
shed and keep dry."

"Raining!  Is it really raining?" asked Pessim,
beginning to weep.

"It is," answered Cap'n Bill, as the drops began to
descend, "and I don't see any way to stop it -- although
I'm some observer myself."

"No; we can't stop it, I fear," said the man. "Are you
very busy just now?"

"I won't be after I get to the shed," replied the
sailor-man.

"Then do me a favor, please," begged Pessim, walking
briskly along behind them, for they were hastening to the
shed.

"Depends on what it is," said Cap'n Bill.

"I wish you would take my umbrella down to the shore
and hold it over the poor fishes till it stops raining.
I'm afraid they'll get wet," said Pessim.

Trot laughed, but Cap'n Bill thought the little man was
poking fun at him and so he scowled upon Pessim in a way
that showed he was angry.

They reached the shed before getting very wet, although
the rain was now coming down in big drops. The roof of
the shed protected them and while they stood watching the
rainstorm something buzzed in and circled around Pessim's
head. At once the Observer began beating it away with
his hands, crying out:

"A bumblebee! A bumblebee! The queerest bumblebee I
ever saw!"

Cap'n Bill and Trot both looked at it and the little
girl said in surprise:

"Dear me! It's a wee little Ork!"

"That's what it is, sure enough," exclaimed Cap'n Bill.

Really, it wasn't much bigger than a big bumblebee, and
when it came toward Trot she allowed it to alight on her
shoulder.

"It's me, all right," said a very small voice in her
ear; "but I'm in an awful pickle, just the same!"

"What, are you our Ork, then?" demanded the girl, much
amazed.

"No, I'm my own Ork. But I'm the only Ork you know,"
replied the tiny creature.

"What's happened to you?" asked the sailor, putting his
head close to Trot's shoulder in order to hear the reply
better. Pessim also put his head close, and the Ork said:

"You will remember that when I left you I started to
fly over the trees, and just as I got to this side of the
forest I saw a bush that was loaded down with the most
luscious fruit you can imagine.  The fruit was about the
size of a gooseberry and of a lovely lavender color. So I
swooped down and picked off one in my bill and ate it.
At once I began to grow small. I could feel myself
shrinking, shrinking away, and it frightened me terribly,
so that I lighted on the ground to think over what was
happening. In a few seconds I had shrunk to the size you
now see me; but there I remained, getting no smaller,
indeed, but no larger. It is certainly a dreadful
affliction! After I had recovered somewhat from the shock
I began to search for you. It is not so easy to find
one's way when a creature is so small, but fortunately I
spied you here in this shed and came to you at once."

Cap'n Bill and Trot were much astonished at this story
and felt grieved for the poor Ork, but the little man
Pessim seemed to think it a good joke. He began laughing
when he heard the story and laughed until he choked,
after which he lay down on the ground and rolled and
laughed again, while the tears of merriment coursed down
his wrinkled cheeks.

"Oh, dear! Oh, dear!" he finally gasped, sitting up and
wiping his eyes. "This is too rich! It's almost too
joyful to be true."

"I don't see anything funny about it," remarked Trot
indignantly.

"You would if you'd had my experience," said Pessim,
getting upon his feet and gradually resuming his solemn
and dissatisfied expression of countenance.

The same thing happened to me."

"Oh, did it?  And how did you happen to come to this
island?" asked the girl.

"I didn't come; the neighbors brought me," replied the
little man, with a frown at the recollection. "They said
I was quarrelsome and fault-finding and blamed me because
I told them all the things that went wrong, or never were
right, and because I told them how things ought to be. So
they brought me here and left me all alone, saying that
if I quarreled with myself, no one else would be made
unhappy. Absurd, wasn't it?"

"Seems to me," said Cap'n Bill, "those neighbors did
the proper thing."

"Well," resumed Pessim, "when I found myself King of
this island I was obliged to live upon fruits, and I
found many fruits growing here that I had never seen
before. I tasted several and found them good and
wholesome. But one day I ate a lavender berry -- as the
Ork did -- and immediately I grew so small that I was
scarcely two inches high. It was a very unpleasant
condition and like the Ork I became frightened. I could
not walk very well nor very far, for every lump of earth
in my way seemed a mountain, every blade of grass a tree
and every grain of sand a rocky boulder. For several days
I stumbled around in an agony of fear. Once a tree toad
nearly gobbled me up, and if I ran out from the shelter
of the bushes the gulls and cormorants swooped down upon
me. Finally I decided to eat another berry and become
nothing at all, since life, to one as small as I was, had
become a dreary nightmare.

"At last I found a small tree that I thought bore the
same fruit as that I had eaten. The berry was dark purple
instead of light lavender, but otherwise it was quite
similar. Being unable to climb the tree, I was obliged to
wait underneath it until a sharp breeze arose and shook
the limbs so that a berry fell. Instantly I seized it and
taking a last view of the world -- as I then thought -- I
ate the berry in a twinkling. Then, to my surprise, I
began to grow big again, until I became of my former
stature, and so I have since remained. Needless to say, I
have never eaten again of the lavender fruit, nor do any
of the beasts or birds that live upon this island eat
it."

They had all three listened eagerly to this amazing
tale, and when it was finished the Ork exclaimed:

"Do you think, then, that the deep purple berry is the
antidote for the lavender one?"

"I'm sure of it," answered Pessim.

"Then lead me to the tree at once!" begged the Ork,
"for this tiny form I now have terrifies me greatly."

Pessim examined the Ork closely

"You are ugly enough as you are," said he. "Were you
any larger you might be dangerous."

"Oh, no," Trot assured him; "the Ork has been our good
friend. Please take us to the tree."

Then Pessim consented, although rather reluctantly. He
led them to the right, which was the east side of the
island, and in a few minutes brought them near to the
edge of the grove which faced the shore of the ocean.
Here stood a small tree bearing berries of a deep purple
color. The fruit looked very enticing and Cap'n Bill
reached up and selected one that seemed especially plump
and ripe.

The Ork had remained perched upon Trot's shoulder but
now it flew down to the ground. It was so difficult for
Cap'n Bill to kneel down, with his wooden leg, that the
little girl took the berry from him and held it close to
the Ork's head.

"It's too big to go into my mouth," said the little
creature, looking at the fruit sidewise.

"You'll have to make sev'ral mouthfuls of it, I guess,"
said Trot; and that is what the Ork did. He pecked at the
soft, ripe fruit with his bill and ate it up very
quickly, because it was good.

Even before he had finished the berry they could see
the Ork begin to grow. In a few minutes he had regained
his natural size and was strutting before them, quite
delighted with his transformation.

"Well, well! What do you think of me now?" he asked
proudly.

"You are very skinny and remarkably ugly," declared
Pessim.

"You are a poor judge of Orks," was the reply. "Anyone
can see that I'm much handsomer than those dreadful
things called birds, which are all fluff and feathers."

"Their feathers make soft beds," asserted Pessim.
"And my skin would make excellent drumheads," retorted
the Ork. "Nevertheless, a plucked bird or a skinned Ork
would be of no value to himself, so we needn't brag of
our usefulness after we are dead. But for the sake of
argument, friend Pessim, I'd like to know what good you
would be, were you not alive?"

"Never mind that," said Cap'n Bill. "He isn't much good
as he is."

"I am King of this Island, allow me to say, and you're
intruding on my property," declared the little man,
scowling upon them. "If you don't like me --and I'm sure
you don't, for no one else does -- why don't you go away
and leave me to myself?"

"Well, the Ork can fly, but we can't," explained Trot,
in answer. "We don't want to stay here a bit, but I don't
see how we can get away."

"You can go back into the hole you came from."

Cap'n Bill shook his head; Trot shuddered at the
thought; the Ork laughed aloud.

"You may be King here," the creature said to Pessim,
"but we intend to run this island to suit ourselves, for
we are three and you are one, and the balance of power
lies with us."

The little man made no reply to this, although as they
walked back to the shed his face wore its fiercest scowl.
Cap'n Bill gathered a lot of leaves and, assisted by
Trot, prepared two nice beds in opposite corners of the
shed. Pessim slept in a hammock which he swung between
two trees.

They required no dishes, as all their food consisted of
fruits and nuts picked from the trees; they made no fire,
for the weather was warm and there was nothing to cook;
the shed had no furniture other than the rude stool which
the little man was accustomed to sit upon. He called it
his "throne" and they let him keep it.

So they lived upon the island for three days, and
rested and ate to their hearts' content. Still, they were
not at all happy in this life because of Pessim. He
continually found fault with them, and all that they did,
and all their surroundings. He could see nothing good or
admirable in all the world and Trot soon came to
understand why the little man's former neighbors had
brought him to this island and left him there, all alone,
so he could not annoy anyone. It was their misfortune
that they had been led to this place by their adventures,
for often they would have preferred the company of a wild
beast to that of Pessim.

On the fourth day a happy thought came to the Ork. They
had all been racking their brains for a possible way to
leave the island, and discussing this or that method,
without finding a plan that was practical. Cap'n Bill had
said he could make a raft of the trees, big enough to
float them all, but he had no tools except those two
pocketknives and it was not possible to chop down tree
with such small blades.

"And s'pose we got afloat on the ocean," said Trot,
"where would we drift to, and how long would it take us
to get there?"

Cap'n Bill was forced to admit he didn't know. The Ork
could fly away from the island any time it wished to, but
the queer creature was loyal to his new friends and
refused to leave them in such a lonely, forsaken place.

It was when Trot urged him to go, on this fourth
morning, that the Ork had his happy thought.

"I will go," said he, "if you two will agree to ride
upon my back."

"We are too heavy; you might drop us," objected
Cap'n Bill.

"Yes, you are rather heavy for a long journey,"
acknowledged the Ork, "but you might eat of those
lavender berries and become so small that I could carry
you with ease."

This quaint suggestion startled Trot and she looked
gravely at the speaker while she considered it, but Cap'n
Bill gave a scornful snort and asked:

"What would become of us afterward? We wouldn't be much
good if we were some two or three inches high. No, Mr.
Ork, I'd rather stay here, as I am, than be a hop-o'-my-
thumb somewhere else."

"Why couldn't you take some of the dark purple berries
along with you, to eat after we had reached our
destination?" inquired the Ork. "Then you could grow big
again whenever you pleased."

Trot clapped her hands with delight.

"That's it!" she exclaimed. "Let's do it, Cap'n Bill."

The old sailor did not like the idea at first, but he
thought it over carefully and the more he thought the
better it seemed.

"How could you manage to carry us, if we were so
small?" he asked.

"I could put you in a paper bag, and tie the bag around
my neck."

"But we haven't a paper bag," objected Trot.

The Ork looked at her.

"There's your sunbonnet," it said presently, "which is
hollow in the middle and has two strings that you could
tie around my neck."

Trot took off her sunbonnet and regarded it critically.
Yes, it might easily hold both her and Cap'n Bill, after
they had eaten the lavender berries and been reduced in
size. She tied the strings around the Ork's neck and the
sunbonnet made a bag in which two tiny people might ride
without danger of falling out. So she said:

"I b'lieve we'll do it that way, Cap'n."

Cap'n Bill groaned but could make no logical
objection except that the plan seemed to him quite
dangerous -- and dangerous in more ways than one.

"I think so, myself," said Trot soberly. "But nobody
can stay alive without getting into danger sometimes, and
danger doesn't mean getting hurt, Cap'n; it only means we
might get hurt. So I guess we'll have to take the risk."

"Let's go and find the berries," said the Ork.

They said nothing to Pessim, who was sitting on his
stool and scowling dismally as he stared at the ocean,
but started at once to seek the trees that bore the magic
fruits. The Ork remembered very well where the lavender
berries grew and led his companions quickly to the spot.

Cap'n Bill gathered two berries and placed them
carefully in his pocket. Then they went around to the
east side of the island and found the tree that bore the
dark purple berries.

"I guess I'll take four of these," said the sailor-man,
so in case one doesn't make us grow big we can eat
another."

"Better take six," advised the Ork. "It's well to
be on the safe side, and I'm sure these trees grow
nowhere else in all the world."

So Cap'n Bill gathered six of the purple berries and
with their precious fruit they returned to the shed to
big good-bye to Pessim. Perhaps they would not have
granted the surly little man this courtesy had they not
wished to use him to tie the sunbonnet around the Ork's
neck.

When Pessim learned they were about to leave him he at
first looked greatly pleased, but he suddenly recollected
that nothing ought to please him and so began to grumble
about being left alone.

"We knew it wouldn't suit you," remarked Cap'n Bill.
"It didn't suit you to have us here, and it won't suit
you to have us go away."

"That is quite true," admitted Pessim. "I haven't been
suited since I can remember; so it doesn't matter to me
in the least whether you go or stay."

He was interested in their experiment, however, and
willingly agreed to assist, although he prophesied
they would fall out of the sunbonnet on their way and
be either drowned in the ocean or crushed upon some
rocky shore. This uncheerful prospect did not daunt
Trot, but it made Cap'n Bill quite nervous.

"I will eat my berry first," said Trot, as she placed
her sunbonnet on the ground, in such manner that they
could get into it.

Then she ate the lavender berry and in a few seconds
became so small that Cap'n Bill picked her up gently with
his thumb and one finger and placed her in the middle of
the sunbonnet. Then he placed beside her the six purple
berries -- each one being about as big as the tiny Trot's
head -- and all preparations being now made the old
sailor ate his lavender berry and became very small --
wooden leg and all!

Cap'n Bill stumbled sadly in trying to climb over the
edge of the sunbonnet and pitched in beside Trot
headfirst, which caused the unhappy Pessim to laugh with
glee. Then the King of the Island picked up the sunbonnet
-- so rudely that he shook its occupants like peas in a
pod -- and tied it, by means of its strings, securely
around the Ork's neck.

"I hope, Trot, you sewed those strings on tight," said
Cap'n Bill anxiously.

"Why, we are not very heavy, you know," she replied,
"so I think the stitches will hold. But be careful and
not crush the berries, Cap'n."

"One is jammed already," he said, looking at them.

"All ready?" asked the Ork.

"Yes!" they cried together, and Pessim came close to
the sunbonnet and called out to them: "You'll be smashed
or drowned, I'm sure you will! But farewell, and good
riddance to you."

The Ork was provoked by this unkind speech, so he
turned his tail toward the little man and made it revolve
so fast that the rush of air tumbled Pessim over backward
and he rolled several times upon the ground before he
could stop himself and sit up. By that time the Ork was
high in the air and speeding swiftly over the ocean.




Chapter Six

The Flight of the Midgets



Cap'n Bill and Trot rode very comfortably in the
sunbonnet.  The motion was quite steady, for they
weighed so little that the Ork flew without effort. Yet
they were both somewhat nervous about their future
fate and could not help wishing they were safe on
land and their natural size again.

"You're terr'ble small, Trot," remarked Cap'n Bill,
looking at his companion.

"Same to you, Cap'n," she said with a laugh; "but
as long as we have the purple berries we needn't
worry about our size."

"In a circus," mused the old man, "we'd be curiosities.
But in a sunbonnet -- high up in the air -- sailin' over a
big, unknown ocean -- they ain't no word in any
booktionary to describe us."

"Why, we're midgets, that's all," said the little girl.
The Ork flew silently for a long time. The slight swaying
of the sunbonnet made Cap'n Bill drowsy, and he began to
doze. Trot, however, was wide awake, and after enduring
the monotonous journey as long as she was able she called
out:

"Don't you see land anywhere, Mr. Ork?"

"Not yet," he answered. "This is a big ocean and I've
no idea in which direction the nearest land to that
island lies; but if I keep flying in a straight line I'm
sure to reach some place some time."

That seemed reasonable, so the little people in the
sunbonnet remained as patient as possible; that is, Cap'n
Bill dozed and Trot tried to remember her geography
lessons so she could figure out what land they were
likely to arrive at.

For hours and hours the Ork flew steadily, keeping to
the straight line and searching with his eyes the horizon
of the ocean for land. Cap'n Bill was fast asleep and
snoring and Trot had laid her head on his shoulder to
rest it when suddenly the Ork exclaimed:

"There! I've caught a glimpse of land, at last."

At this announcement they roused themselves. Cap'n Bill
stood up and tried to peek over the edge of the
sunbonnet.

"What does it look like?" he inquired.

"Looks like another island," said the Ork; "but I can
judge it better in a minute or two."

"I don't care much for islands, since we visited that
other one," declared Trot.

Soon the Ork made another announcement.

"It is surely an island, and a little one, too," said
he. "But I won't stop, because I see a much bigger land
straight ahead of it."

"That's right," approved Cap'n Bill. "The bigger the
land, the better it will suit us."

"It's almost a continent," continued the Ork after a
brief silence, during which he did not decrease the speed
of his flight. "I wonder if it can be Orkland, the place
I have been seeking so long?"

"I hope not," whispered Trot to Cap'n Bill -- so softly
that the Ork could not hear her -- "for I shouldn't like
to be in a country where only Orks live. This one Ork
isn't a bad companion, but a lot of him wouldn't be much
fun."

After a few more minutes of flying the Ork called out
in a sad voice:

"No! this is not my country. It's a place I have never
seen before, although I have wandered far and wide. It
seems to be all mountains and deserts and green valleys
and queer cities and lakes and rivers --mixed up in a
very puzzling way."

"Most countries are like that," commented Cap'n Bill.
"Are you going to land?"

"Pretty soon," was the reply. "There is a mountain
peak just ahead of me. What do you say to our landing on
that?"

"All right," agreed the sailor-man, for both he and
Trot were getting tired of riding in the sunbonnet and
longed to set foot on solid ground again.

So in a few minutes the Ork slowed down his speed and





These are stories from Everybody's Magazine, 1910 issues.



Scanned by Charles Keller with OmniPage Professional OCR software
donated by Caere Corporation, 1-800-535-7226. Contact Mike Lough
<Mikel@caere.com>





Vol. XXIII  No.1 JULY     1910

THE LAYING OF THE MONSTER 

BY THEODOSIA GARRISON

Dorothea reposed with her shoulders in the shade of the bulkhead
and her bare feet burrowing in the sun-warmed sand. Beneath her
shoulder blades was a bulky and disheveled volume--a bound year
of Godey's Lady Book of the vintage of the early seventies.
Having survived the handling of three generations, this seemed to
take naturally to being drenched with rain and warped by sun, or,
as at the present moment, serving its owner either as a
sand-pillow or as a receptacle for divers scribbled verses on its
fly-leaves and margins.

It was with a poem now that Dorothea was wrestling, as she
wriggled her toes in the sand and gazed blankly oceanward. Under
the scorching August sun, the Atlantic seemed to purr like a
huge, amiable lion cub.

It was not the amiabilities of nature, however, in which Dorothea
found inspiration. A harp of a single string, she sang as that
minstrel might who was implored to make love alone his theme.

Given an imaginative young person of eleven, who, when not
abandoning herself utterly to athletics, has secret and continual
access to the brand of literature peculiar to the "Seaside
Library," and the result is obvious. Dorothea's mother read
recipes; her father was addicted to the daily papers. It was only
in her grandmother that Dorothea found a literary taste she
approved. On that cozy person's bookshelves one could always find
what happened to Goldie or what the exquisite Irish heroine said
to the earl before she eloped with the captain.

In this knowledge Dorothea's parents had no ambition that their
daughter should excel. In fact, an uncompromising edict on the
subject had been given forth more than once to a sullen and
rebellious sinner. But how should the most suspicious parent,
when his daughter sits in his presence apparently engrossed in a
book entitled "The Girlhood of Famous Women," guess that
carefully concealed in its interior is a smaller volume bearing
the title "Muriel's Mistake, or, For Another's Sin?"

Having acquired knowledge, the true student seeks to demonstrate.
Dorothea had promptly and intentionally fallen in love with the
son of her next-door neighbor. Amiel--fresh from his first year
in college-- was a tall, broad-shouldered youth, with kindly
brown eyes and a flash of white teeth when he smiled. In contrast
to the small boys and the sober-going fathers of families in
which the summer colony abounded, he shone, as Dorothea's
favorite novelists would have expressed it, "like a Greek god."

It was this unsuspecting person whom Dorothea had, at first
sight, elected to be the Hero of her Dreams. She trailed him,
moreover, with a persistency that would have done credit to a
detective. Did he go to the post-office, he was sure to meet
Dorothea returning (Lady Ursula, strolling through her estate,
comes upon her lover unawares). Dorothea, emulating her heroine's
example by vaulting a fence and cutting across lots, could be
found also strolling (if slightly breathless) as he approached.

She timed her day, as far as possible, with his. Would he swim,
play tennis, or go crabbing--there was Dorothea. Would he repose
in the summerhouse hammock and listen to entire pages declaimed
from Tennyson and Longfellow, the while being violently
swung--his slave was ready. She read no story in which she was
not the heroine and Amiel the hero. At the same time, she was
perfectly and painfully conscious in the back of her brain that
Amiel regarded her only as a sun-browned, crop-headed tomboy, who
had an extraordinary facility for remembering all the poetry she
had ever read, and who amused and interested him as his own small
sister might. Outwardly she kept strictly to this role--a purely
natural one--while inwardly she soared dizzily from fantasy to
fantasy, even while her physical body was plunging in the waves
or leaping on the tennis court.

Could Amiel have had the slightest insight into the fancies
seething in his small neighbor's mind, he would have been
astounded to the verge of doubting her reason. Little did he
know, as he stood now on the bulkhead and looked down at her,
that at the moment Dorothea was finishing mentally a poem in
which with "wild tears" and "clasping hands," he had bidden her
an eternal farewell--by moonlight. She was, moreover, perturbed
by the paucity of her native language. There appeared to be
nothing to rhyme with "love" except "shove," "above," and "dove."
Of these one was impossible and two were trite. Scowling fiercely
at the ocean, she finally gave the bird to the hungry line and
repeated the final couplet doubtfully:

   " `Farewell,' he said. `Ah, love, my love,    
   My heart is breaking for thee, Dove.' "


"Look out!" said a voice above her. "I'm going to jump."

Dorothea sat up delightedly, with her bare, brown legs tucked
beneath her, Turk-like, as she welcomed him. ("Ah! Beloved," said
Lady Ursula with her hand on her fluttering heart.) "Hello," said
Dorothea, with a wide grin.

He flung himself down beside her and surveyed her with amusement.
"Been digging holes with your head?" he asked affably. "Your hair
and eyelashes look it. Been here all the afternoon?"

"Yes," she said. "I saw you go riding after lunch. I've been here
ever since. I love to be on the beach when there isn't a lot of
people bothering around. Then"--she made a wide gesture with her
brown hand-- "all of it seems to belong to me, not broken up in
little bits for everybody." She shook her cropped head
vigorously, and the sand pelted down her shoulders.

"Well," he said, watching this operation, "you came near taking
your little bit to the house with you to keep, didn't you? How
long have you worn your hair cropped like that, Dorothea? Was it
when you decided to be captain of a ball team?"

He drew a box of chocolates from his pocket and tossed it over to
her. She caught it neatly on her outstretched palm, as a boy
would have done, and nibbled squirrel-like as she talked. She did
not resent being teased by Amiel--she liked it, rather, as
representing a perfect understanding between them. Also, once
removed from the high hills of romance, she was not devoid of
humor.

"It was cut in June--before you came. They didn't want me to, but
I just begged them. It was such a nuisance bathing and then
flopping about drying afterward, and being sent upstairs all day
long to make it smooth."

"You funny kid," he said. "You don't care how you look, do you?
You ought to have been a boy. What have you been doing down here
all by yourself?"

"Reading--and--listening," said Dorothea vaguely. She folded
Godey's Lady Book tightly to her chest. Lady Ursula or no Lady
Ursula, she would have died--with black, bitter shame at the
thought of any eye but her own falling upon the penciled lines
therein. The horror of ridicule is the black shadow that hangs
over youth. That strange, inner world of her own Dorothea shared
with nothing more substantial than her dreams.

"Listening?" he inquired.

"To the ocean," explained Dorothea. "It was high tide when I came
down, and the waves boom-boomed like that, as though it were
saying big words down in its chest, you know."

"And what were the wild waves saying?"

"Oh, big words like--" she thought a moment, her small, sunburnt
face serious and intent. "Oh, like

   "Robert of Sicily, Brother of Pope Urbane
    And Valmond, Emperor of Allemaine."

she intoned deeply. "You see?"

"Absolutely," he said enjoyingly. "And so you weren't lonesome?"

Dorothea, who had spent her afternoon in a region peopled with
interesting and exquisite figures, shook her head.

"You don't get lonesome when you think," she said--"imagine" was
the word she meant; she used the other as appealing to his
understanding. Suddenly the vague, introspective look left her
face; she turned to him with the expression of one imparting
pleasing tidings. "My friend is coming to-morrow to stay a week,"
she said. "You remember I told you that mother had asked her.
Well, she's coming down with father to-morrow. She has never been
to the seashore before. You'll take us crabbing, won't you,
Amiel? And if we have a bonfire you'll ask father to let us stay
up, won't you?"

"Sure," he said good-naturedly. "What's her name?"

"Her name is Jennie Clark, and she lives next door to us in the
city, and we're going to have fun--fun--fun," chanted Dorothea.
"Come on." She sprang lightly to her feet and dug her shoes and
stockings out of the sand. "We can have a game of tennis before
dinner."

Clutching her book with her shoes and stockings, she raced with
him to the steps that led to the bulkhead, and from that
eminence--with the air of one performing an accustomed act--she
clambered on the fence that separated the green lawns from beach
to avenue. This, with a fine disregard for splinters, she
proceeded to walk--her property tucked under her arm.

Amiel strode beside her on the lawn. She was as sure-footed as a
goat; but when he clutched her elbow as she performed a daring
pirouette, she offered no opposition, but proceeded sedately
beneath his hold. Why not? She had ceased to be Dorothea on her
way to a tennis game ("Lean heavily on me, dearest," whispered
Reginald, "the chapel is in sight. Bear up a little longer").
With a weary sigh the Lady Ursula slid finally from the gate-post
to the ground and proceeded to put on her stockings.

Jennie Clark arrived duly and was received, if not rapturously,
at least hospitably. To be frank, Jennie Clark was not among
those first suggested by Dorothea as a prospective visitor. Of
her own private and particular friends some five had been
rejected by a too censorious parent, mainly, it seemed, because
of a lack of personal charm--Dorothea preferring a good sport
from the gutter, as it were, to a dull fairy from a dancing
school.

Jennie had been near, perilously near, the end of Dorothea's
list. Her sole claims to Dorothea's friendship were that, living
next door, she was available on rainy days when greater delights
failed, and that Dorothea, by a dramatic relation of a ghost
story, could hypnotize her into a terrified and wholly fascinated
wreck.

Jennie was thirteen, a very young thirteen--pretty and mindless
as a Persian kitten--but developing rapidly a coquettish instinct
for the value of a red ribbon in her dark curls, and the set of a
bracelet on her plump arm. Beside her curves and curls and pretty
frilled frocks, Dorothea, in her straight, blue flannel playing
suit or stiff afternoon pique', with her cropped blonde head,
suggested nothing so much as wire opposed to a sofa cushion.

She was in white pique' this afternoon. To meet one's friend at
the station was an event. Dorothea was honestly excited and
happy, and she was not at all pained that Jennie Clark's first
greeting was a comment on her short hair and her sunburn.

By what might have seemed to the unobserving a happy coincidence,
Amiel, strolling from his house to the beach with his after-
dinner pipe, was hailed by Dorothea from the summerhouse. She had
run the unsuspecting Miss Clark very hard to arrive at the
psychological moment. Joining them there, he was duly presented
to Jennie Clark, and Dorothea, accepting the courteous fashion in
which he acknowledged the introduction as an indirect compliment
to herself, was elated. Jennie was certainly very pretty. She
tossed back her long curls and talked to Amiel with an occasional
droop of her long lashes, and Dorothea, beaming upon them both,
had no notion that, hovering above her in the quiet twilight, the
green- eyed Monster was even then scenting its victim and
preparing to strike.

Presently Dorothea's father and mother and Amiel's stout and
amiable parents joined their offspring in the summerhouse. One of
the affable, if uninteresting, neighbors came as well and,
promptly introducing a banjo as a reason for his being, lured the
assembled company into song.

Dorothea, snuggled into her corner, blissfully conscious of
Amiel's careless arm about her shoulder, gave herself up to
happiness. The night was soft as velvet, sewn with the gold
spangles of stars. The waves whispered secrets to each other as
they waited for the moon to rise. Dorothea, rapturously using the
atmosphere as a background for Lady Ursula, became suddenly aware
that the singing of "Juanita" in six different keys had ceased,
and that Jennie, having been discovered to be the possessor of a
voice, was singing alone. She had an exquisite little pipe, and
she sang the dominating sentimental song of the year with ease if
not with temperament. Its close was greeted with instant and
enthusiastic applause. Jennie became instantly the center of
attraction.

It was Amiel who urged her to sing again, Amiel who seized upon
the banjo and accompanied her triumphantly through a college
song, turning his back squarely upon Dorothea the while.

Dorothea sat up straight, a sudden, bewildering anger at her
heart as she watched them. In the midst of the song she announced
casually that the moon was coming up. No one paid the slightest
attention to her except the calling neighbor, who said "Hush!"

An instant later, the instant that saw Amiel lay a commending and
fraternal hand on Jennie's curls, the Monster struck. Jealousy
had no firmer grip of beak and talons on the Moor of Venice than
on the crop-headed Dorothea. In absolute self- defense she did an
unprecedented and wholly unexpected thing. Without warning she
burst into song, even as Jennie was coyly preparing for an
encore.

   "O fair dove, O fond dove.    
   O dove with the white, white breast,"

shrilled Dorothea to her startled audience. This was the same
song with which Lady Ursula invariably brought blinding, bitter
tears to the eyes of those assembled at picnics and hunt balls.
It had an opposite effect upon Dorothea's auditors. With
apparently one accord they burst into hilarious mirth, comment,
and expostulation.

"My child!" "Where did you get that absurd song?" "Dorothea,
never try to sing again. I forbid it." This last from her father.

It was Amiel who commented admiringly on the fact that Dorothea
with practice might go through an entire song without once
touching upon the tune and time, and Jennie who giggled
enjoyingly and said, "Oh, Dorothea, you're awfully funny."

Dorothea sat out the rest of the evening in stony silence, which
nobody regarded. She refused to join in the various choruses-- no
one noticed the omission in the least. When at last she walked to
the house with Amiel between herself and Jennie, and haughtily
shrugged her shoulder away from his hand, he continued listening
to Jennie's prattle without giving the slightest attention to her
aloofness.

Long after Jennie was asleep, Dorothea, wide-eyed, communed with
the Monster. This was not an imitation Lady Ursula jealousy at
all. That was an interesting game at which one played when Amiel
occasionally walked and talked with some stray damsel in the
colony. She had no real jealousy of the young ladyhood that at
times intruded. But this was different; here she was out- ranked
in HER OWN CLASS. In that lay the sting. She reflected dismally
that this was only Tuesday and that Jennie was to stay until the
following Monday.

She was perfectly and miserably fair in recounting Jennie's
attractions as contrasted with her own. She, Dorothea, could, at
demand, which was seldom, reel off pages of poetry; Jennie could
sing--to appreciative audiences. Dorothea could swim and dive;
Jennie had curly hair. Plainly, Jennie had all the best of it. It
remained only for Dorothea not to forget the courtesy due a guest
and, above all, oh, above everything, not to show the slightest
trace of the jealousy that consumed her. Lady Ursula had several
times been the life of the party when her heart was breaking. Her
proud smile had never faltered in the presence of her rival.
Well, neither would Dorothea's. She assumed it instantly in the
darkness by way of immediate practice, and fell asleep with the
result plastered upon her face.

In the morning the Monster, wearied perhaps by his session of the
night before, seemed to lie dormant. Dorothea woke jubilant as
the morn and, having roused her friend by the gentle method of
half stifling her with a pillow, rushed her through her dressing
and led her forth.

The ocean welcomed them with rapture; it caught the sun for them
and threw it back in millions and millions of living, rainbowed
diamonds. The world was all gold and blue and tremulous with
clean salt winds. It seemed ridiculous that one could be unhappy
on such a day. Dorothea danced pagan-like at the wave edge while
Jennie watched demurely from the bulkhead.

However, it appeared that even on a day like this one could carry
black envy at one's heart. It was during the bathing hour that
the Monster again asserted himself--this time for no indefinite
stay. As a rule, the bathing hour was one in which Dorothea
reveled. Arrayed in her faded bathing suit, guiltless of skirt or
sleeves, her prowess as an amphibious creature had been highly
commended by that one for whose praise she would gladly have
precipitated herself from the highest pier.

In vain to-day did she perform feats of daring and agility that
would have done credit to a flying fish. No one had eyes for her
except an agitated mother and grandmother, who finally ordered
her summarily out of the water and into the bath house.

Amiel had occupied himself in coaxing Jennie into the water and
giving her primary instructions in swimming. Jennie, in the
daintiest red and white suit that could be imagined, skirted and
stockinged, with her curls escaping from a coquettish red
handkerchief, timorously advancing and drawing back from the wave
rush with little, appealing cries, was as fascinating as a
playful kitten.

Dorothea regarded her with the disgust of the seasoned veteran
for the raw recruit. This, however, her erstwhile friend might
have been pardoned for not suspecting, seeing that whenever she
caught Dorothea's eye she was immediately the recipient of a wide
and beaming smile that even one less vain might have accepted as
a tribute to her attractions. It never wavered even while Jennie
shook down her long curls ostensibly to let the sun dry a single
lock that in some unaccountable way had felt the touch of a wave.
Beamingly Dorothea heard Amiel humorously contrast this brown
glory with her own short crop. Beamingly she fell into the plans
for the crabbing party that afternoon. However, it was this
lightsome expedition that laid the last straw upon the Monster's
back.

The gentle art of crabbing involves the carrying of a
long-handled net and a huge basket, and a stop at the butcher's
to purchase unsavory lumps of meat for bait.

Hitherto Dorothea had always proudly and vehemently insisted upon
carrying the basket the long, hot mile to the bay. To-day, as
Amiel dropped the bait in and handed it to her as a matter of
course, she accepted it with the look of the proud spirit that
will not cry out beneath indignities. She hung the basket over
her blue flanneled arm and trudged valiantly before them.

The afternoon was one of long and unprecedented martyrdom.
Dorothea reviewed it as she changed into her white pique' for
dinner, the while beamingly advising Jennie as to the selection
of hair ribbons. SHE had vaulted fences; Jennie had been
assisted. SHE had baited lines; Jennie's had been baited. The
fact that a week before the offer of help in that delicate
operation would have been regarded as an insult to her
intelligence failed to occur to her to-day. She burned with
humiliation as she remembered that after a half hour of seeing
Jennie's line carefully prepared, she had handed her own to Amiel
with the air of one doing only what was expected of her. Amiel,
in return, had stared at her, and in the tone he might have used
to a younger brother had said briefly, "Well, go on and bait it.
What's the matter?" She had baited it. Also, she had carried home
the net while Amiel had borne the spoils and protested
courteously when Jennie offered an assisting hand. It was dreary
consolation to realize that never for a moment had the proud
smile wavered. She was beginning to feel as though an elastic
band had been stretched for hours under her nose and behind her
ears, and the sole comment her lofty amiability had drawn forth
had been a reference to the famed animal of Cheshire.

From her window she presently saw Jennie, all rosy muslin and
tossing curls, strolling beachward with Amiel. The sight nerved
her to demonstrate an idea that had occurred to her inspiringly
during the day. Once by simply placing a dewy rose in her golden
torrent of hair, Lady Ursula had brought the ball room to her
feet. In emulation, Dorothea extracted a hair ribbon from
Jennie's stock and, failing other means, tied it bandage-wise
about her head. The result was not coquettish. It suggested only
accident or disease. She removed it wearily, and sat down on the
edge of the bed to think. Plainly, she could not compete with
Jennie on the grounds of beauty or accomplishments. Apparently
the fact of being able to swim, vault, and leap from vast heights
constituted none of these things. And yet, before Jennie
arrived--and doubtless after Jennie departed--after these five
interminable days that stretched before her--but why five?

The dinner bell rang insistently. Some one was calling her from
the stairs. Dorothea sat still, with her arms folded on the
bedpost and a new thought playing like summer lightning in her
brain. The thought gradually resolved itself into a problem. It
was well enough to decide that Jennie must go--the problem was
how to make her go. A telegram or a letter summoning her home? A
good idea if there were any one in the city to send it. That was
obviously impossible.

Dorothea walked downstairs with her brows knitted in thought
above the unchanging smile, and in her eyes the look of the rapt
soul momentarily expecting inspiration.

The inspiration arrived during that hour  when the denizens of
the little colony sat ring-wise about the beach fire.

The neighbor with the banjo had done his worst, and desisted;
Jennie had piped through her repertoire and was now graciously
accepting the support of Amiel's arm. Dorothea and the Monster,
somewhat withdrawn from the circle, watched a crooked moon lift
itself above the horizon and lay a trail of opal glory on the
waves. Still awaiting inspiration, she regarded it with as little
interest as Lucretia Borgia might have given the sunset that
preceded one of her little poisoning dinners.

Presently, as befitted the atmosphere and hour, the talk of the
little circle fell upon things ghostly and mysterious--strange
happenings and prophetic dreams. Dorothea, who had a love of
horrors, lent a suddenly attentive ear; but Jennie, though
plainly fascinated, uttered a protesting plaint. "Oh, please
stop! You don't know how you frighten me! Dorothea has had some
awfully queer things happen to her, and it scares me almost to
death when she tells about them."

Mirth followed the announcement of Dorothea's occult powers,
which, needless to say, had come as a surprise to her immediate
family.

Dorothea paid no attention whatever. Instead she rose to her feet
and, flinging her arms wide, yawned elaborately. It was a
delicate suggestion, which caused the men to look at their
watches, and the party forthwith dispersed.

Dorothea, for all the sand in her shoes, seemed to walk to the
house on air. The inspiration had arrived, fully accoutered, as
it were, on the breath of Jennie's complaint.

The work in hand called for the dexterity of the true artist.
With managerial instinct, Dorothea, repelling any attempt at
conversation, waited only until Jennie was comfortably ensconced
in bed, to turn the lamp down so that it glimmered in sickly
fashion, before beginning proceedings. Then, seating herself
beside the bed--an eerie figure in her straight, white gown--she
shook her head dismally and indulged in a heartfelt sigh. Jennie,
her nerves already on edge with the ghost stories of the hour
before, turned startled eyes upon her.

"What is the matter? What is it?" she inquired anxiously.

"I--feel--strange," said Dorothea. She turned upon her victim a
face full of uncanny suggestion. Divested of its perpetual smile,
it seemed to Jennie as unfamiliar as a room from which an
accustomed piece of furniture had been moved.

"I feel--strange. Something terrible is happening somewhere.--I
can tell--I always can--I am going to have a vision--I can feel
it--It always comes like this." With a quick hand she
extinguished the lamp. "It will come in a dream," she muttered.
"Let me sleep, oh, let me sleep!"

She made a sweeping pass with her out- stretched hands and, after
a dramatic pause, fell heavily on her pillow, where she instantly
proceeded to fall into a deep and trance-like slumber--a slumber
that prevailed through the terrified questionings, whimperings,
and agitated shakings by her friend.

It is an awesome thing to seek repose beside one wrapped in
trance; it is worse to traverse unlighted halls and ghostly
stairs in an effort to awake the gifted medium's family. Wrapped
in terror as in an icy sheet, after divers Herculean efforts to
rouse the log beside her, the responsive victim fell into a
troubled slumber with her head well under the bedclothes.

The gray dawn was in the room when she was awakened by what
seemed to be muffled sobs from--the figure beside her. In an
instant wide awake and palpitating, she fell upon Dorothea. "What
is it? Oh, what is it?" she cried.

"I have had it," said Dorothea in a sepulchral whisper. "The
vision. Oh," she turned dramatically from the instant question,
"I can't bear to tell you!--It was about you."

"Dorothea, you've GOT to tell me! I think you're HORRID. I'm
going right downstairs to tell your mother."

"Of course I'm going to tell you," said the sybil crossly. She
resumed her chest tones hurriedly. "I must tell you. It was sent
to me to tell you. I wanted to prepare you."

"Prepare? Oh, Dorothea, what WAS it?"

Dorothea stood upright on the bed, and her eyes assumed the
expression of those that see inward--Jennie stared at her,
hypnotized, breathless.

"I saw a room," chanted the inspired one, "a room in a large
city. I can see it now. It is a bedroom. There are blue rugs on
the floor, and the furniture is oak. It has two windows. There is
a canary bird in one, and the other has a seat with blue
cushions."

"Why, that is my mother's room, Dorothea! You know it is."

"In the bed a woman is lying. She is sick. She is turning from
one side to the other--she says, `Oh, where is my daughter? I
want my daughter! Why doesn't she come back to me?'"

"Oh, Dorothea!" Jennie, tearful and excited, began to draw on her
clothes. "That was my mother! It must have been! Oh, Dorothea!"

The sybil drove in the fine point again. "`Why doesn't she come
back to me?'" she reiterated.

The program that had proceeded so smoothly now received an
unexpected hitch. Jennie paused suddenly in her garmenting,
relief growing in her face.

"After all," she observed, "I don't believe mother had anything
more than one of her sick-headaches. She has them all the time. I
wouldn't go home just for that. I do believe that is it,
Dorothea."

It was time for rapid thought. Another moment and the fine
dramatic work of the morning would have gone for naught. For a
moment Dorothea staggered, but for a moment only. "I didn't tell
you everything," she said mysteriously. "Your mother is not alone
in the bed. She is holding something in her arms. She is
saying--" she paused to give her climax its full effect-- "`Oh,
why doesn't Jennie come home to see her little sister?'"

"Her little--?--Dorothea!"

It behooves the villain to be without conscience. No slightest
shame visited the brazen one's heart at the sight of Jennie's
instant joy and excitement. Modestly she accepted the tribute to
her uncanny power; obligingly she assisted her friend to pack;
martyr-like she acquiesced in Jennie's decision that the first
train after breakfast would be none too early to bear her to that
long-coveted delight--a baby sister. Moreover, she cannily
advised her friend as to the mode of proceeding. "If you tell
them downstairs why you are going, they may not let you. They
don't know about visions. Just tell them that you're going home
and NOTHING ELSE."

This advice, followed to the letter, produced no little agitation
at the breakfast table. Jennie simply announced her intention of
immediate departure; all questions as to her health, happiness,
and possible reasons were met only with a parrot-like repetition
of the fact. Upon closer pressing she gave way to hysterical
tears, Dorothea the while assisting the scene with round,
innocent eyes and the bewildered air of one suddenly made aware
of an impending event.

The solution was presently found by a sympathetic and consoling
circle--the child was homesick; she wanted her mother. Assuredly
that explained everything. The lure of sails and picnics having
failed, Dorothea's mother came to a decision with sympathetic
tears in her eyes and a glance toward her own innocent. "She
shall take the first train home if she wants to. The child
sha'n't be miserable. No, don't urge her, Bob. I was homesick
myself once, and I understand perfectly."


Dorothea reposed in the shade of the bulkhead, sand on her person
and a great peace in her heart, upon which the Monster,
departing, had left no scar. Under her head was the Godey's
Lady's Book, in which, over the picture of a brocaded pelisse,
she had recently finished a poem in which "lover" rhymed-- with
"forever." Amiel, cross-legged on the sand beside her, was
whistling gently as he industriously whittled at a bit of
driftwood, little suspecting that at the moment he was taking tea
in a bower with Lady Ursula.

Presently he drew a letter from his pocket and flipped it over to
Dorothea. "Your mother asked me to give you this," he said. "She
thought it might be from that pretty little friend of yours."

Dorothea opened the letter with some trepidation. Presently a
bland smile over- spread her countenance. The day of reckoning
that she expected to dawn upon her next meeting with her victim
melted cloud-like as she read:

Dear Dorothea:

I arrived home safely. It's just as well I did, because my aunt
was waiting to take me to Lake George, but you made a mistake in
the vision. It wasn't my mother. It was Mrs. Gray across the
street and hers is a boy, but I think that was very near.

I think the vision was perfectly wonderful, but I am glad I don't
have them. My mother says I can come again later if your mother
wants me. I didn't tell her why I came home, because she doesn't
believe in them either.


She presented her love to several people and added in a
postscript, "Let me know at Lake George if you have another."

Dorothea tore the letter into minute scraps and gave them over to
the sea breeze.

"Well," queried Amiel idly, "what does she say?"

"She says she arrived safely," said Dorothea.



*****************************************************************
Vol. XXIII  No.1 JULY     1910

{pages 44-55} THE GOLD BRICK AND THE GOLD MINE

Fake Mining Schemes that Steal the People's Savings

By EMERSON HOUGH

Author of "The Mississippi Bubble," "54-40 or Fight," etc.


EDITOR'S NOTE.--It is time vigorous efforts were made to stop the
cruel frauds perpetrated on the name of one of the world's
greatest industries. Mining is a legitimate and honorable
enterprise. It contributes immensely to the national wealth. It
has been the source of some of our great fortunes. Because there
is something magical in the suggestion of gold or coal or copper
taken out of the ground, sharpers have made mining an instrument
of successful deception. They have tricked people into investing
their savings in worthless or even non-existent mines. Perhaps
you who read this have bitten at an advertisement in a reputable
publication, which pretended to place the wealth of some western
El Dorado at your feet for a few hundred dollars. Doubtless your
money has disappeared. It is for the purpose of giving you the
protection of a knowledge both of legitimate mining and of the
ways of thieves that this article is published.

AMERICA is the land of the free and the country of opportunity
for all. Incidentally, it is free hunting-ground for sharpers,
and a land of opportunity for the unscrupulous. No such chances
for fraudulent business exist anywhere else in the world.
Americans are the richest people on earth, and the most easily
parted from their money. Those whose sole ambition is to get rich
quick very frequently help some other man to get rich quick.
Society owes no debt to either of these. It is obliged to support
them both. This is wrong both as a moral and as an industrial
proposition. Once, a dollar was spent to mine a dollar. To-day
two are spent: One dollar goes into blasting powder, the other
into advertising and office furniture.

No doubt you have heard the age-old legend of the Mother Vein of
Gold, which appears and vanishes, now and again, in this corner
of the world. Superstition regarding this great original vein of
gold is found wherever men seek the precious metal. The feverish
Spaniards called this phantom lode the Madre d'Oro, or "Mother of
Gold." Now it is located in Mexico, now in India or Peru,
California or Australia. Tradition says that Montezuma got his
gold from this great vein, which lay in a secret valley whose
where-abouts was jealously guarded by three priests of the war
tribe, sole possessors of the knowledge. Any intruder who by
chance or design looked down into this valley was smitten
absolutely blind. Tradition among the successors of the Aztecs
says that when Montezuma passed, the Madre d'Oro sank back again
into the earth, and has been seen no more. Men still follow the
phantom vein. Those who see it, even in their dreams, still are
smitten blind.

Gold! There is no other word that means quite so much. We want
gold; indeed, we must have it. Malleable, divisible,
indestructible, rare, it is the indispensable medium of exchange.
It is our chosen unit of power and success, the measure of
civilization and human attainment. Hence it has always been the
object of human desire. The Golden Fleece very probably was the
sheepskin bottom of an old-time sluice-box, in a day when they
used wool, instead of blankets, below the rocker troughs. In the
vast ruined civilization of Southeast Africa unknown men once
mined probably $400,000,000 worth of gold. There are mines
profitably operated in Greece to-day which the Phoenicians opened
1,200 B. C. Sixteen hundred years later the Romans owned all the
mines in Europe. Hannibal once paid his warriors in gold coin of
Carthage. Egypt was settled by the Semitic races 2,500 B. C.,
because of the gold that was found there. A thousand years later
Job knew about gold, and five hundred years later still, King
Solomon showed what an abundance of wives and what a reputation
for wisdom a man can get when he has unlimited gold mines back of
him. Columbus found America when he was searching for the wealth
of Ormus and of Ind. Cortez and Pizarro toiled and slew in the
hope of finding the Madre d'Oro. The great discoveries of the
world have been made by men in search of gold. The great voyages
of exploration were in part piratical voyages made in search of
gold already found and mined by others.


HONEST MINING IN HANNIBAL'S TIME


But there is to be said about gold mining ways of the old time,
that Tyre sought gold with actual ships, with actual men and
mining implements. The peninsula of Sinai did not sell stock, but
mined actual gold. Gold in those days meant actual risk and
courage. Perhaps even then fraudulent promoters weren't unknown;
but he who ventured, in the days of Vespasian or Hannibal or
Hiram, too prominently to gild the gold brick certainly lost his
head. The mining of gold was then a sober and serious and honest
matter.

In America we place the gold brick ahead of the gold mine. We mix
alloy of duplicity and greed with the virgin metal of our
standard of value. By improved mining methods we nearly double
our output of gold, and so cheapen it by well-nigh a half. This
shrunken gold dollar is small enough; but that is not all. We
adulterate and divide it by, say, another half when we falsely
double its cost. This we certainly do when we issue counterfeit
promises as against good coin; for in civilization and commerce
always the genuine coinage has to pay the cost of the
counterfeit. Your tailor charges you a stiff price for your suit
of clothes. That covers the clothes of the dead beats who did not
pay. To allow the sale of a fraudulent mining stock is to
depreciate the basis of this country's values. Such a wrong ought
not to be allowed in a country claiming an enlightened
government.

It is the thief who is protected in America, not his dupe. The
old law of caveat emptor protects the SELLER of fake mining
stocks, not the BUYER of them. There is little or no actually
enforced law to protect the latter. That is to say, there is
little or no actually enforced law to protect those who most need
protection, those of small incomes, orphans who have no
guardians, wage earners who have little education, widows whose
life insurance is not quite enough to support them, women engaged
in the desperate battle of life and needing more money, quick
money, better to protect themselves. The fence between these and
the natural perils of the world is slight enough. In America we
break it down entirely.

We offer these helpless ones freely as victims to the greater
cunning and strength of men wholly without sense of business
honor or personal decency. When we do this, we also attack the
whole system of savings banks, which is, or should be, the very
bulwark of a nation's financial safety. Says the wolf to the
widow, to the busy professional man, to the clerk, the
stenographer, the wage earner: "Take your money out of the
savings bank. What is three per cent. a year, when I can make you
three hundred per cent. a year? Give your money to me!" We permit
that. Our national government does not undertake to put a stop to
it; our states do not undertake to do so; and this fact is more
possible through actual lack of proper statutes than through any
misinterpretation or lack of enforcement of the law.

The field is one devised by nature for the trickster. His success
does not depend altogether on human gullibility; part of his
argument rests on the conditions which surround the industry of
mining, one which never can be free of extreme risk. All men know
that gold is found far away, where living is high and means of
transportation are scarce; that it costs large sums to find and
dig it, and that such sums are more easily raised among the many
than among the few. None of these attending features has weight
to stop the capitalization of bona-fide enterprises. These latter
are used as bait by men who have nothing bona-fide to offer, and
who make their fattest profits out of their shallowest shafts.


THE "SUCKER LIST" IN WALL STREET

Methods vary among such fraudulent operators, but new victims
continually are found. The "sucker list" of one firm in Wall
Street numbers 110,000 names, selected as those of persons who
will bite more than once at a mining scheme, and whose records
show that they have so bitten. This operator proudly declares
that the only way a sucker can get his name off that list is to
die. In the reorganization of the firm of Douglas, Lacey & Co.,
of New York City, it was discovered that 20,000 persons had money
invested in stocks of the company.

The best bait in this particular operation was a "trust fund"
established for the benefit of stockholders. The proceeds of the
better-paying mines were to be applied to pay dividends for those
which were less successful. In this way, the various directors of
the many Douglas-Lacey Companies explained, it was impossible for
the investors to lose. But they did lose. The reorganization,
intended to save some of the better properties, wiped out more
than seventy per cent. of the small stockholders--widows,
schoolteachers, stenographers, washwomen, scrubwomen--all who
once had a dollar in the stocking.

Burr Brothers, Inc., of New York, used the effective bait of the
instalment plan of payment. Their literature and advertising
offered sudden wealth at twenty cents a share, payments to be in
instalments, "the best twenty offers" to be accepted. It was
pointed out that if one made one's weekly payment large enough to
be included among the fortunate twenty, one could have a nice,
clean certificate sent to one immediately, and pay for it at
one's leisure. If you think the operators could not afford to do
that, you are ignorant. There was an old negro woman in the South
who often importuned her white friends for funds to build a
certain somewhat mythical church. They asked her what she
received for the time spent in collecting. "I has what I gits,"
was her frank response. She enunciated a great modern mining
principle which has made fortunes in Denver, Butte, New York,
Boston, and many other places where handsome lithographic work is
done, and where advertising space can be bought in journals
considered reputable.


NEW ENGLAND "DONE" BY AN INSANE MAN

Sometimes there are victims in enterprises of this sort where
there probably was no deliberate intent to deceive or to defraud.
Not long ago, in Boston, one Henry D. Reynolds, formerly
president of the Reynolds Alaska Development Company, was brought
before the United States Circuit Court on the charge of using the
United States mails with intent to defraud. Three alienists are
said to have declared him insane. In 1907 ex-Governor John G.
Brady, of Alaska, endorsed Reynolds and his schemes, and is
reported to have collected in New England about $450,000 for
these Reynolds projects. Brady gave "lectures" and stereopticon
exhibitions in New England churches. Reynolds took out an
excursion of Boston and New England investors to Prince William
Sound, at one time, and showed them the seacoast of Alaska,
practically all of which he claimed to own. At Boulder Bay he
took his party into a long tunnel, the face of which they were
told was composed of solid copper ore. When they emerged into the
garish light of day, each was given a bright copper nugget, said
to have come from the mine.


ALASKA REYNOLDSIZED

Really, according to local report, these nuggets of native copper
had been taken from sluice boxes on Chittitu Creek, 235 miles
inland. Reynolds, so ran the story, had treated them with an acid
bath to brighten them, knowing that bright bait is better. At any
rate, the good, sober New Englanders went back home and sent him
$300,000 more, which set him entirely "dippy," in local phrase.

Reynolds's scheme was to run all the barber shops, laundries,
bars, and pretty much everything else on the Alaskan coast. A
certain Sam Blum had a store and bank; Reynolds wanted it; and
Blum, it is alleged, annexed $50,000 of the New England money as
a forfeited first payment on his property. A steamship company,
it was said, got $75,000 of money on a forfeit. So the good New
England savings merrily disappeared, in one of the most
spectacular farces ever known in Alaska; which latter is too good
and valid and valuable a national possession to permit to be
Reynoldsized, as it has been. Reynolds, in the belief of one who
knew him well, was a combination of the ignorant enthusiast, the
wild promoter, and the crazy man; and as for Brady, another
Alaskan called him "nothing worse than an innocent old ninny."
Yet, even with so sorry a mental equipment, these two took
something like half a million out of conservative New England!
The ease with which money can be raised for such enterprises by
the deliberately fraudulent or the unintentionally insane
continues one of the wonders of our civilization.

Another kind of bait offered is that of the "prominent name."
This has proved more useful in England than in this country.
Whittaker Wright was able to secure members of the nobility for
his boards of directors, and the English public swallowed his
schemes one after another, bait, hook, bob, and sinker. In this
country we have no lords whom we dearly love, so the names of
prominent literary or scientific men sometimes are employed by
wise promoters. A "prominent mining expert" is excellent bait.
Some good men have been used in this way, and the bait of their
reputation in other lines of activity has served to make ignorant
and innocent people of small means swallow the hook hid in the
lying statements which they have perhaps innocently, certainly
ignorantly, fathered. We are all familiar with the literature of
this class, sent to us under the guise of personal and intimate
confidence. Always that part of the communication is followed by
the blackfaced type where the stinger lies concealed. The words
AT ONCE usually come in capitals, as do LAST CHANCE, and PRICE
POSITIVELY WILL ADVANCE AFTER TEN DAYS. Millions and millions of
dollars have been extracted from the public by these means. There
is no law against it.


"ADJOINING" MINES--GOOD BAIT

Then there is the same old argument about wonderful properties
"adjoining" such and such a dividend-paying property. Very often
the properties are miles apart. They might be within twenty-five
feet of each other, and one still might be worthless and the
other rich. The profits of old and famous properties very
frequently are given in advertising literature of this class, "to
show what money there is in mining." The "property" sold may be a
ten-foot hole in a sand-bank two thousand miles from any of
these; yet this absurd argument is sufficient to extract coin
from the pocket of the American buyer. You can use Michigan to
tout him on to Arizona; Utah to land him in California; Mexico to
interest him in Alaska. Is it not true? There is no law against
it.

Again, the appeal to your mining pocket may come, not through the
advertising page, but in the proper person of the promoter or
owner himself. For instance, not long ago a gentleman from
California came into my office. He owned a mine on the old and
well-traced Mother Vein, of Tuolumne County, California. It had
been well opened, and showed, in development, according to a
reputable engineer's report, three million dollars' worth of ore
in sight, with many tons of the best ore already in the dump,
stuff which would run very high in value.

At the proper time the gentleman carefully produced from his
pocket a little ingot of pure gold, product of one test-mill run.
He gave the best of references as to his responsibility. He
offered to guarantee ten per cent. dividends on all money
invested, and declared that he had a banking proposition and not
a mine.


WHEELBARROW VS. $72,000

"My Christian friend," said I to him, "you seem to have a good
thing. How far is it from your mine dump to the nearest bank?"

"About five miles," he answered.

"In that case," said I, "it seems to me you don't need to sell a
hundred thousand dollars' worth of stock to build a stamp-mill.
You need only enough to buy yourself a good, strong wheelbarrow.
In two or three months you can thus build your own stamp-mill and
pay for it with ore, and still have your mine all in your own
hands."

He could not see it that way, and, pursuing his own method, he
took $72,000 in two weeks out of the city of Chicago, from some
of the best business men of that city. Now, perhaps he had a real
mine. I have no right to doubt that he had; but the point of
interest to the small investor is this: NEITHER HAVE I ANY RIGHT
TO BELIEVE THAT HE HAD. The thing for me to do, had I wished to
invest in this way, would have been to send an expert to see the
property personally.


ENTER THE FINANCIAL AGENT

In this game of plucking the dollars of the poor and the
ignorant, there has been a gradual improvement in methods. The
constant aim has been, first, to increase the amount of the
harvest; second, to reduce to a minimum the risk the reapers run
of detection and punishment by the authorities. Experience in
most lines of commercial activity has shown that the middlemen
often gather in the largest profits and have the smallest losses.
Many of those working the mining game--and by this is meant
selling stocks on wind and water--have made use of this fact.
To-day in the majority of cases we have, in place of the
prospector or the company selling stock direct to the suckers,
the financial or fiscal agent. He operates either under the name
of a banking firm or as a security company, which is generally a
registered trade-name intended as a cloak to cover the names of
individuals not desirous of publicity.

The financial agent of this description is in reality the
organizer and promoter of the mining company whose stock he
sells. But should trouble come along, he is the first to assert
that he has been deceived as well as his customers. He sells the
shares of the mine on a commission basis so large that
practically nothing is left for development. He takes out of the
money secured large salaries and the entire expense of
advertising and carrying on the exploitation. He prepares all the
literature. One of the advantages he claims for his proposition
is the wide distribution of the stock as a safeguard against
assault by wicked Wall Street interests.


CULLED TWO MILLIONS IN FOUR YEARS

In this wide distribution, however, lies one of his own greatest
safeguards against either criminal or civil prosecution.
Scattered over the country are his investors--the mill hand, the
poor seamstress, the humble artisan, whose total investments,
comprising perhaps all their savings, seldom exceed one hundred
dollars each; and, with their savings gone, there isn't money
left to pay carfare to the office of the financial agent, let
alone to undertake a civil suit or enlist the aid of the
authorities. The poor seamstress has no way of knowing any of her
fellow unfortunates. Hence the utter impossibility of cooperation
in seeking to get back their savings.

As an example of the fiscal agent, there may be cited the concern
of Douglas, Lacey & Company, already mentioned, a concern which
in four years, through its operations in this country and in
Canada, culled from the people of this country, according to its
own statement, over $2,000,000 in exchange for stock certificates
in more than forty varieties of mining companies. Here is a
letter written to a woman by this concern four years after she
had invested all her savings in the stock of one of these
companies through this concern, showing the advantage of the
fiscal agency plan:

DOUGLAS, LACEY & CO.       
Financial Agents    
66 Broadway.   
New York Cable Address "Douglacey"--Anglo-American and Bedford
McNeil Codes Telephone, 790 & 791 Rector

DEAR MADAM:                          June 2, 1908.

Replying to your favor of June 1st would say that we do not find
in our files any recent letter from you, and your letter
addressed care of 44 Wall Street has probably gone to the Dead
Letter Office, from which you will in time receive it.

Now, in reply to your question, we think if you are at all
familiar with business procedure, you will see that it would be
impossible for the fiscal agents of any of the companies to
return money which had been paid for shares and which had been
turned over by the fiscal agents to the treasury of the various
companies and expended in development work on the different
properties.

It is true that we have sold stock for our customers at various
times and we are glad to do so when it is possible. At the
present time, however, as this company is in process of
reorganization, there would be no market for its stock and for
this reason we are unable to help you in the way you request.    

 Very truly yours             Douglas, Lacey & Co.


In pursuing this method, few promoters have had the success of
Dr. John Grant Lyman. He is credited with having gathered in a
half million dollars in his International Zinc operations. This
company was supposed to have valuable zinc properties in the
Joplin district of Missouri. To unload its stock on the people of
this country Lyman organized the firm of Joshua Brown & Company,
Bankers, incorporated under the laws of West Virginia. Through
them the stock was sold until the collapse of the scheme in 1901,
when the investors found that what property it did own was
heavily mortgaged. While the firm was taking in the money, Lyman
maintained a racing stable, had a reputation as a daring
automobilist, and even invaded the sacred precincts of the New
York Stock Exchange.


LYMAN'S SCHEME TO GET STOCKING SAVINGS

Three years ago the papers throughout this country were filled
with the advertisements of the Union Securities Company, selling
the stock of the Boston Greenwater Copper Company. It was stated
that the mine had cost $200,000 and that so much ore was in sight
that an offer of $400,000 had been refused. The Union Securities
Company, with offices in New York and in Goldfield, Nevada,
started the stock at forty-five cents and lifted it to a dollar.
It was merely another name for John Grant Lyman. Not only did the
Union Securities company sell the stock to the public, but it
also offered it to brokers at thirty-seven and a half cents, on
their guarantee that it would not be sold by them at less than
forty-five cents. The brokers began getting contracts for the
stock and then were told that the Union Securities Company was
all sold out. 

Shortly thereafter, confederates of Lyman came to these brokers
and offered stock to them at fifty cents a share; and the Union
Securities Company at the same time telegraphed the brokers that
it wanted all the shares it could get at sixty cents. That forced
the brokers to buy of confederates; but when they shipped on the
stock to the Union Securities Company, expecting to get sixty
cents a share for it, Lyman was gone. It had not cost him much.
He owed the newspapers of this country $150,000 for advertising,
which went unpaid. He reaped $300,000 profits. Boston Greenwater
Copper stock can still be found in many a stocking--of humble
folk.


"SALTING" WITH A CIGARETTE

It is not, however, always the city promoter who furnishes all of
the crookedness. He himself may be deceived by those who sell him
the mine. Some of the most thrilling stories in literature might
be written about salted mines. The sale of the Bear's Nest Mine,
and the special train expedition to the salted Bear River placer
field; the sale of the Mulatos Mine to a set of Chinamen, and
scores of other instances in American mining history, have been
regarded rather as big jokes than as great lessons. And as to
such large jesting we advance in finesse. The old way of salting
a placer or a quartz vein with a shotgun is now antiquated.

A little while ago a party of capitalists bought a Nevada placer
on what they thought to be strictly a "cinch" basis. With their
own hands they collected the specimen dirt from all over the
claim, and they watched a Mexican miner pan the dirt at the
creek. The pans showed up beautifully. They bought the claim.
Later, it proved worthless. Afterward they remembered that the
Mexican smoked cigarettes all the time he was panning, and that
he was careless in expectorating, as well as in knocking the
ashes off his cigarettes. The truth was that the highly
intelligent Greaser was using the cigarette trick in salting the
pan. There was much fine gold in his cigarette and under his lip!


THE MULATOS MINE SALTING SCHEME

All sorts of methods of salting mines, even to the injection,
with a hypodermic needle, of strong solutions of mineral salts
into a mining engineer's carefully sealed sample bags, have been
worked. The most honest, careful, and expert mining engineers
have been deceived time and again, and salted right under their
own eyes. Even a bland Chinee may be fooled. Take the instance of
the Mulatos Mine: The bunch of Chinamen who proposed to buy it
insisted on a mill-run test on fresh-mined ore, taken out BY
THEMSELVES, for a five-days' run. They were not taking any
chances, in their own belief. The owners of the mine, however--so
runs the story--had a platform of plank arranged above the
timbers at the top of the drift where the Chinamen brought out
their ore cars. On this planking a man lay face downward where he
could see each ore car that passed. He had a rather hard life for
five days on the sandwiches and water which he took up there with
him, but he managed to drop a pinch or so of nice gold dust into
every car of ore that came trundling under him. The mill-run was
an entire success from the viewpoint of the sellers, although not
from that of the buyers.

There is no working law, let us repeat, which actually protects
the investor against this sort of thing, nor which always
protects even the promoter, though he be honest. The game is
risky all the way along the line, in spite of state laws against
the heinous crime of salting, which latter hath as yet by no
means lost its savor.


      THE MAIL AND MINING THIEVES

As matters stand to-day, the man selling mining stock on a
fraudulent basis fears the Post Office Department much more than
he fears the District Attorney. That is the main protection which
the public has against such schemes. But to depend upon it is
like trying to stop Niagara with a dam of reeds. The man who
induces you to take your money out of the savings bank in
exchange for stock in a mine, through such operations as have
been described, thrives by reason of his use of the United States
mails. It is a mail-order business pure and simple.

Let us see what machinery the Government has to protect you and
prevent the letter-carrier from bringing daily to your door the
flamboyant literature intended to lure your money from the bank.
There are five hundred Post-Office inspectors employed in
watching Uncle Sam's mail wherever it is carried, in keeping the
vast and complicated machinery of the Post Office Department
oiled and working smoothly, in running down Post-Office robbers
and mail thieves and, lastly, in keeping the mail free from
frauds. Ninety per cent. of this force is required to do the
routine work of the inspecting branch; that is to keep the
machinery running smoothly and to prevent delays. That leaves
just ten per cent. for actual detective work such as is necessary
in running down thieves and in tracing frauds. In the New York
district, which comprises the state of New York as well as New
York City, there is a force of twenty-five men working under a
chief inspector. Of the ten men assigned to work in New York
City, by no means all have special detective ability, and the
time of these is taken up almost entirely in catching actual
thieves.


   POST-OFFICE PROTECTION INADEQUATE

It is only the biggest and most barefaced scheme that under these
conditions can receive any attention whatsoever from the
department, and even then its force is hopelessly inadequate and
incompetent for the work in hand, work requiring the
highest-class detective ability.

About twelve years ago the Post Office Department ran down and
convicted a swindler, Stephen Balliet, who was selling stock in a
mine full of water in Oregon and was known as "the mining genius
of the Northwest." He was tried three times, finally convicted,
and sent to prison. That case cost the Post Office Department
$18,000, took a man's entire time for two years, and required two
trips across this continent. The Government has not tried since
to get many such convictions.

Perhaps because of the pressure of other work, perhaps for other
causes, investigations of this nature are allowed to languish.
Some years ago, when the firm of Douglas, Lacey & Company was
reaping its harvest, an inspector was assigned to investigate the
concern's operations. He was one of the ablest inspectors of the
service, a man with real detective ability and a knowledge of the
devious ways of certain kinds of financing. He made a trip to
Mexico and subsequently sent in a report to Washington
recommending that a fraud order be issued against the concern and
that its use of the mails be stopped. He waited a long time and
then got word from Washington that more evidence was required. He
made another investigation and sent in another report,
recommending in even stronger language that the mails be barred
and the public protected. While on this work he was constantly
assigned also to other matters and finally was shifted to a
station in the South. The concern collapsed some years later,
leaving thousands of people in this country and in Canada bereft
of their small savings. There was no fraud order ever issued
against this firm, though shortly before it closed up it was
informed that if it continued to sell stock its use of the mails
would be stopped.

The burden of proof is on the buyer. If he turns to the District
Attorney he finds perhaps a sympathetic official, without power
to assist him. The man selling bogus mining stocks knows all
this; therefore his harvest goes on. It is better than the
green-goods game, better than the wire-tapping swindle, safer
than selling any other form of gold bricks. A few years ago a
reporter who was engaged in investigating the schemes of Cardenio
F. King--now in Charlestown jail, but then posing as "the apostle
of the golden rule in finance" and selling his stocks by the
barrel in every mill town in New England--made a call on the late
John B. Moran, then District Attorney in Boston and widely known
as a reformer. He asked Mr. Moran's help in proving that King was
a swindler.

"Young man," said Boston's reform District Attorney, "if King was
selling corner lots in heaven and advertising them in the
newspapers, I couldn't stop him, because I haven't anybody to
send up there and prove that they are not there."

King wasn't selling corner lots in heaven, but he was selling
stock in a Texas company that was the next thing to it, so far as
tangibility is concerned. It was only when he actually took from
investors money sent to him to buy real stocks, and pocketed it,
that he was put in jail.


LAWS TO PROTECT INVESTORS

A plan for the protection of the investor by statute is embodied
in a model law drafted by the American Mining Congress of Denver,
and recommended for general passage:

AN ACT.

To Prohibit the Making or Publishing of False or Exaggerated
Statements or Publications of or Concerning the Affairs,
Pecuniary Condition or Property of Any Corporation, Joint Stock
Association, Co-partnership or Individual, Which Said Statements
or Publications Are Intended to Give, or Shall Have a Tendency to
Give, a Less or Greater Apparent Value to the Shares, Bonds or
Property, or Any Part Thereof of Said Corporation, Joint Stock
Association, Co-partnership or Individual, Than the Said Shares,
Bonds or Property Shall Really and in Fact Possess, and Providing
a Penalty Therefor.


Section 1. Any person who knowingly makes or publishes in any way
whatever, or permits to be so made or published, any book,
prospectus, notice, report, statement, exhibit or other
publication of or concerning the affairs, financial condition or
property of any corporation, Joint-stock association,
co-partnership or individual, which said book, prospectus,
notice, report, statement, exhibit or other publication, shall
contain any statement which is false or wilfully exaggerated or
which is intended to give or which shall have a tendency to give,
a less or greater apparent value to the shares, bonds or property
of said corporation, joint-stock association, co-partnership or
individual, or any part of said shares, bonds or property, than
said shares, bonds or property or any part thereof, shall really
and in fact possess, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and upon
conviction thereof shall be imprisoned for not more than ten
years or fined not more than ten thousand dollars, or shall
suffer both said fine and imprisonment.

This law has been enacted in six states and a campaign for its
general enactment is under way. But let not the credulous
investor suppose that even such a law would guarantee him against
loss. The Secretary of the American Mining Congress, Mr. James F.
Callbreath, offers the following comment:


CAMPAIGN OF THE AMERICAN MINING CONGRESS

"I do not believe that any one law can effect protection to
mining investors, nor that the protection afforded through the
Post Office Department forbidding the use of mails for fraudulent
advertising matter can fully cover that ground. The greater part
of mining frauds are perpetrated without the use of the mails.

"The proposed law, in our judgment, is the longest possible step
toward preventing mining frauds. A second step has been taken in
the form of a publicity law. My belief is that no system of laws,
either state or national, will prevent men from gambling in mines
more effectually than such laws now prevent gambling in its more
common forms. These may restrict and furnish protection to those
who are wise enough to open their eyes, but it will be impossible
to protect all the fools all the time. It is the purpose of the
American Mining Congress, after having secured the enactment of
laws providing penalties for fraudulent representations and
requiring publicity, to perfect an organization to SECURE
EXECUTION of these laws, and also to carry on campaigns of
education showing to investors, first, that mining is a
legitimate business and not a gamble; second, that mines are
found and not made; third, that investments in mining should be
made with the same care and prudence exercised by business men
when embarking in other business enterprises. . . . The next work
of our organization will be along the line of developing some
manner of control of corporations by which paid-up capital stock
shall represent actual value."

Mr. Callbreath would seem to be one fore-doomed to his own
troubles; yet it is clear that he and his organization stand for
legitimate mining as opposed to prospect-selling. In strictly
accurate phrase, it is the prospect which is found, and the mine
which is made and investment cannot properly begin until a body
of ore has been blocked out in a proved prospect. Add to the
glamor of risk the haze of fraud, and the foregoing will show the
nebulous condition of mining investments in relation to mining
laws in America to-day.

What we really need is a Bureau of Mines at Washington. Nobody
protects the mining investor. Nobody guards the widest open gate
into the savings deposits of this country.

The American Mining Congress, it should be stated, had a quasi
pre-inaugural pledge from President Taft in favor of a Federal
Bureau of Mines. Toward this we have made a start. A bill
establishing this Bureau has already passed both the House and
the Senate, and bids fair to become a law. But the activities of
this new department will be confined to safe-guarding
mineworkers. The next step should be to enlarge the province of
the Bureau so as to include the supervision of the mining
industry for the protection of investors.

It seems quite likely that the states and the nation will need to
unite if adequate protection to the investing public is to be
expected. But when did state and nation unite to solve a great
popular problem? When did section ever unite with section or even
resident with nonresident? This is America.


THE ENGLISH WAY OF MINING--HONEST BUSINESS

Back of any movement of this kind there must be popular interest
in popular education. Thus far, the greater publicity idea is of
more value than anything at hand. We may perhaps. best do our own
little part by offering some studies in the theory of mining,
showing just WHY it is risky, and just HOW we ought to tabulate
the risk. In addition to this, we can present, and should perhaps
first present, some of the results of intelligent mining as
pursued in other countries.

Take the Rand Mines of South Africa, operated on the English
basis--mines which turned out more than $12,500,000 in one month
not long since. The English method of operating on the Rand is
this: A corps of experts is sent to examine a proposed
property--that is to say, a proved prospect. If their report be
favorable, an estimate is made of the cost of a five-or
seven-compartment shaft, to be sunk, say, 3,500 feet. The cost of
producing a year's supply of ore for the mill is then considered.
The cost of the mill and the cyanide plant is also figured. The
total cost is then cast up, and the company is ready to be formed
for a half million to five millions of dollars, according to
existing conditions. This money is paid in, and is ready to start
operations. These men mine carefully, using all possible
scientific knowledge and practical experience as guides. The
operation may have risk, but it is perforce honest.


THE AMERICAN WAY--A GAMBLE

Now let us examine conditions not infrequent in the United
States, by no means assigning wings to all English mining men, or
hoofs to all Americans:

A prospector discovers mineralized rock. He locates one or more
claims as controlled by the laws of the district where he is.
Perhaps others also locate more ground. A little work is done,
and then the claims are up for sale. A claim is perhaps sold for
a few hundred to several thousand dollars; sometimes the seller
receives in addition stock in the company to be formed. No
attention is paid to the geology, but a company is formed
ostensibly for the purpose of mining, with a capital of one
million shares at one dollar par. Perhaps four hundred thousand
shares are placed in the treasury to be sold for development
purposes. Of course the whole thing is as yet on a wholly
gambling basis. The property is still a prospect and not a mine,
and hence it is not possible to put it on an investing basis.
Comparatively few companies have ever used the services of a real
expert, although very possibly the company furnishes a report
made from a purchasable local "mining engineer," one of the
cheapest commodities in any mining district, where the wide hat
and the high-laced boot often take the place of a mining
education and a reputable character. This is the stage at which,
this is the basis on which, most of the mining "investments" of
America are made.

In this state of affairs grafters find their opportunity. Prices
in a boom camp are always above any sort of industrial warrant.
There were literally millions of dollars poured into Goldfield
and Tonopah for claims which never had any careful examination by
competent men. Fortunes were made by local promoters and
"operators" out of claims which could not show ten feet of actual
work. Sometimes the entire capitalization was sold out, and the
promoters put the money in their pockets. One operator of this
kind sold $130,000 worth of stock, and omitted the precaution of
putting even ten per cent. of it in the treasury. Fortunately, he
got into the penitentiary. Many of his fellows never had actions
brought against them except under the postal laws, which
naturally are inefficient. There was one shaft of a hundred feet
which cost twelve thousand dollars, charged up to the
stockholders, the names of dead men being used on the pay rolls
as "laborers." The mine boss and the local officers got big
salaries to keep their mouths shut. The real mine was in the
savings banks of America, in the pockets of non-residents. In
Nevada alone, in the past four years, more than twenty million
dollars have been invested in WORTHLESS properties. One engineer
with a government certificate could have saved the clerks,
stenographers, widows, washwomen, and orphans of America fifteen
million dollars at the cost of, say, five thousand. Would that
have been a good investment? What could a dozen do? What could an
efficient corps do? Is there here yet one more future task for
our patient and long-suffering United States Army? What police
work would pay better dividends?


THE PROMOTER AND THE CREAM

Even when the mine wins, the small stock-holder rarely wins. The
promoters often take the cream. Suppose a company is organized
for three million shares. One million is put in the treasury for
sale. Of this million shares, say, two hundred thousand are
offered at twenty-five cents. This raises a working capital of
fifty thousand dollars. Let us be very glowing, and suppose that,
with this fifty thousand dollars, we really uncover five million
dollars' worth of ore. The net profit would not exceed three
million dollars; so that the man who put in twenty-five cents
might, after a long time, get back a dollar. In the meantime, two
million dollars would have gone to promoters, in "commissions,"
and so forth. There are thousands of such cases, and still the
people continue to bite on such bait.


THE PUBLIC = THE MINE

Instances of actual Nipissing rises caught in time by the lamb
are very rare. I rom first to last, the PUBLIC is the mine, AND
THE RETURNS COME OUT OF THE SAVINGS BANKS. In some mines "high
grading"--the carrying away of valuable pieces of ore by the
miners themselves--is fought as sternly as the diamond stealing
by the Kaffirs in a Kimberley mine. In yet other mines, far more
numerous, high grading is encouraged among the miners. The report
gets out that the ore is so rich that the miners steal it in
their dinner pails. That booms the stock. WALL STREET MAKES THIS
MONEY OUT OF THE MARKET AND NOT OUT OF THE MINE.

In spite of all warning and all examples, the average American
will to a certain extent persist in gambling in mining stocks.
Supposing this to be true, it is of value for the investor to
learn something of the theory of mines, something enabling him to
pass on the natural value of any mining stock which is offered to
him. What, then, is a mine? What are some of the inevitable
features in developing a mine?

In the first place, there must be prospecting. This is sheer and
unavoidable risk on the face of it, and it is attended with
economic waste which cannot be avoided. Of a hundred prospectors,
ninety-nine die poor. The failures must be charged off to
industrial waste attendant upon inherent conditions of the mining
industry.

Again, in the development of a mine after it is located and
proved in part, there is more unavoidable economic waste. The
rock is blank and silent. It can only be explored by means of
expensive drifts and drillings. In one mine at Bisbee, Arizona, a
shaft was sunk which had drifts at the 600-and 900-feet levels,
all without result. Later on they found a blanket of copper
between those two levels, from which six million dollars were
taken. Even in old established mines there is something of a
chance, and there are often unwittingly false standards of
values. Which is no argument for making all gamble that which
originally was part gamble.

Any mine, no matter how rich, or how large, begins to be
exhausted from the time the first pick is stuck into the ground
and all its profits ought to be figured on the basis of
diminishing deposits. When your deposit is drawn out, your bank
does not honor your check. A mine is the reverse of a mortgage or
a bond. The security does not remain stable nor increase in
value, but, on the contrary, CONTINUALLY DECREASES in value. In a
mortgage, six per cent. is wisdom; in a mining return, it is
folly. A mine, instead of being figured on the basis of a
mortgage, ought to be figured on the basis of a term annuity.
That is to say, on the basis of a wiping out date. When the mine
is done paying dividends, there is no return of the face of the
principal invested. Yet the great and gullible public forgets
this all-important fact, which differentiates mining from every
other form of business.


CRACKER-BOX INVESTORS

There is every probability that the average investor never heard
of a proper "amortization charge" in the management of a mine.
Until he shall have heard of it, until he shall have learned
something of the terms of life annuities, he ought never to
invest a cent in any mining stock. After he actually has learned
the theory of amortization, he will observe that ALMOST EVERY
MINING STOCK LISTED IN PUBLIC PRINTS IS SELLING AT AN INFLATED
VALUE. That is to say, even the best and most stable of mines are
overrated, not to mention the purely wildcat ventures. Some mines
may naturally be long-lived, others short-lived; yet, if either
pays a good, stiff dividend, THE PUBLIC MAKES NO DISTINCTION
BETWEEN THE TWO and will buy the stock of either. In this
investing, the public has no protection on the part of the
government, on the part of honest publicity, or on the part of
its own careful education.

In the MAJORITY of cases, a mine ought to pay annually perhaps
twenty per cent. of the investment, to be profitable. That is to
say, the actual value of any mine is rarely over five times
actual dividends paid after expenses of operation. How many mines
are capitalized on any such real basis as that? The answer lies
in our own ignorance, and in the shrewdness of the men who sell
us mining stocks. Stocks that are the best dividend-payers often
sell at TEN or TWELVE times the face of the annual dividends. Let
the mine hit a brief streak of bonanza, and the stocks will climb
yet higher. We buy such stocks, or worse; but even a fundamental
acquaintance with the theory of mines would show us that such an
investment is usually a bad one. In a mortgage we do not look to
the interest to pay us back our principal; in a mine we MUST look
to DIVIDENDS to pay us back our PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST also. When
the mine is done, our principal is gone. But how many mining
investors ever thought of that? And how many, when offered a ten
per cent. "guaranteed dividend" for five years on their money,
ever stop to reflect that, for instance, I could take your money
and put it in a cracker box, and myself make money by paying it
back to you, ten per cent. a year for nine years--and then
explaining what had happened to the cracker box! Now, most of us
are just such cracker-box investors. We pay out millions and
millions annually, just that foolishly. And our nation, our
states, allow us to do it. They even--as recent legal proceedings
prove--allow the "inside" operating stockholders to borrow money
to pay dividends to the "outsiders." That keeps up the "values"
in the market. It does not enhance the real value in the mine.


ENGLISH VS. AMERICAN MINE REPORTS

Again, granted even a valid and a well-managed mine, how much
information regarding it does the average investor in the stock
secure? In a general way, he knows in advance that all mining,
whether placer or quartz, is very expensive. Beyond that, he gets
the annual report of the officers, which will tell perhaps the
names of the men who are spending his money, the total earnings,
the total output, the balance sheet, the statement of capital
stock issued--and little else. All of which means nothing!

A well-regulated English company is obliged to go much farther
than this. A good annual report will show the advertisement of
the general meeting of stockholders, the list of directors and
officers, reports of directors, giving details of the condition
of property, including the development work, the tonnage of
production, the values recovered from such tonnage, the costs of
operation, the profits for the period covered, the balance sheet
of accounts, the profit and loss statement, including a working
cost estimate, the appropriation list showing what has been done
with all the earnings, the reports of managers giving details of
the development work, the estimated values of ores EXPOSED ON
THREE SIDES, the probable values of ores not so well exposed, the
working expenses, the construction account, general remarks on
the physical condition of the property, and a map of the property
itself.

What American promoter would trouble himself to make such a
showing as that to the American sucker? Even if such detailed
information existed in the records of the average American mining
concern, the sucker could not get access to the books even did he
have the temerity to demand it.

Professor H. S. Munroe, of the Columbia School of Mines, when
asked whether such a thing as general supervision of mining
investment could be possible, answered: "Yes, if some
philanthropist will give us ten millions to endow such an
institution, and maintain a corps of engineers in the field who
will do work similar to that accomplished by J. Curle under the
auspices of the London Economist. Such work should, of course,
cover all incorporated mining companies, not merely a few hundred
of the more prominent gold mines; and it should be continuous and
not spasmodic. Such a plan is of course Utopian, but I feel that
anything less would be likely to do little good. Even Curle's
opinions began to lose their value within a month or two after
they were written, and are of less value every year. Mining can
never be put on the same basis as agriculture, for the reason
that the risk of failure is infinitely greater, and that it is
impossible to prove the value of any mine or mining region
without spending a large amount of capital, the greater part of
which will inevitably be lost in this work of initial
development."

Those are the sober words of an expert who spends his life in
studying the theory and practice of mining. If such words shall
teach us a little wisdom, so much the less need for laws. But let
us consider what the laws ought to do in order to protect you for
the sake of your family, and for the sake of society, and for the
sake of the savings which lie back of the prosperity of this
country.

Let us agree that no government can guarantee the safety of any
investment. Let us admit that digging gold can never be put on
the same amortization basis with digging potatoes, for instance,
because the soil remains for more potatoes, whereas the ore of a
mine is exhausted and does not raise more ore. Nevertheless,
although the industries of potato growing and ore digging are not
the same, the principles lying back of them ought to be precisely
the same; and our governments, both state and national, ought to
see to it that they are kept precisely the same, and controlled
on the same plane legally. If it be true that no government can
watch after every mine, none the less any enlightened government
can establish general conditions for engaging in mining or
engaging in the sale of mining stock; and, perhaps with yet
better results, it can establish a general supervision over the
mining intelligence of the public, just as it does over the
agricultural intelligence of that public.


NEEDED: A FEDERAL BUREAU OF MINES

The enactment of good mining laws, punishing the proved intent to
commit a fraud as well as the fraud itself, and seeing to it that
capital stock shall be paid up, seeing to it also that all moneys
spent by a mining corporation shall be traceable from start to
finish, is the natural first step toward the purification of
American mining methods. Beyond that, the national government
could take a hand in the game through a federal Bureau of Mines.
There must be some clearing-house of intelligence and of values
in this country, some place from which our intelligence may start
and to which it may return. The public must have accessible
reports of engineers, state or federal, of a sort entitled to
confidence.

The nest of vermin in our large cities, inhabited by those who
make a living out of the ignorance and eagerness of small
investors, must be smoked out once and for all. In this work,
state and national governments, popular education and
intelligence, and the aid of the better class journalism of
America, all must be enlisted. The pages of our press might well
be far cleaner than they are. The publication which prints the
advertisements of a fake-mining enterprise is itself a party to
the fraud. A Bureau of Mines chief can sit behind the desk of
every advertising manager in the counting-rooms of every
newspaper and magazine in America. The press of this country,
when it likes, can, by taking thought, somewhat dim the splendor
of the mahogany in many an elegant suite of offices in New York,
Boston, or elsewhere. It can reduce the reckless and senseless
expenditure of ill-gained wealth which is making civilization a
mockery in America, and branding our republican form of
government as a failure.

We will have a different way of life, or another form of
government. We will have a better administration of law in the
United States or we will have another political party, possibly
another political system. We will clear up this rotten society,
or we will try how we like a different organization of society.
The people of America are beginning to murmur. The burden of the
murmur is that they have long enough been betrayed. Unspeakable
injustice has been done the people of America under the forms of
law and government. It is coming to be said that our law and
government have not an even hand for all, that a few are allowed
to despoil the many. When a people murmurs, let a government
beware. Meantime the more that certain unspeakable things are
reduced in, and eliminated from, Wall Street and the other
"financial centers," the better for our schools, our taxes, our
farming, our industry, our living, our CHARACTER, our country.

After all, the government of this country, as we now have it
organized, depends on the CHARACTER of its average individual
citizen. The end of this abuse of fake-mining enterprises begins
now, here, with you and me, in OUR intelligence, in OUR love of a
square game. By taking thought we can add a cubit to our OWN
stature, and so add to the stature of OUR laws and of our
national morality.


WHAT YOU AND I CAN DO

As for you and me, when next we see the flaming advertisement
advising us that the Madre d'Oro, Montezuma's fabled Mother Vein
of Gold, has once more come to the surface of the earth on
Manhattan Island or near Plymouth Rock; when next we read counsel
that because mining pays in Michigan it ought to pay in Nevada;
when next we are advised to get into the game at once because
this is our LAST CHANCE--we might at least ask to see the report
of the engineer, likewise the record and antecedents of the
engineer; and many, many other things. Perchance we might write
and ask the mining promoter what, in his belief, is the proper
amortization charge in his particular mine. At which the average
mining promoter would probably fall dead. 


*****************************************************************
Vol. XXIII  No.1 JULY     1910


HOW THE MAN CAME TO TWINKLING ISLAND  {page 64-73} 
By MELVILLE CHATER


OUT of the great world came a man to the wooing of Susanna Crane.
From the vague southwest he came, now skirting the chimneyed
towns and elm-bordered village streets, now exchanging the road
for the bright rails and perhaps the interior of a droning
freight-car, now switching anew through the edge of odorous pine
woods, yet leaving behind him always a wary, broken trail.

The man was tall and strong, with hair that gleamed red in the
sun, and eyes of a reddish brown. He walked with the free swing
of a world wanderer, yet always his heart strained for a glimpse
of the Canadian border; for some hundreds of miles behind him lay
the Vermont marble quarries whose dust still faintly blanched his
clothes, and there, in a drunken flight, he had killed a man. He
did not know that in fleeing from justice he was rushing into the
arms of love; he did not even know that he was in the Ragged
Woods, with Twinkling Island just off the coast; he only studied
the tree bark and snuffed the breeze, and knew that the sea was
near. At length, well satisfied with the distance he had come
since dawn, he cleared a space among the pine cones, then lay
down, and, lulled by the ancient whisper of the wind in the
treetops, closed his eyes.

He was of the Ulysses breed, this man, a wanderer of the earth,
acquainted with many cities, one whose shipwrecks and misfortunes
had but whetted his love of life; and even while he slept, there
came upon him, as of old Nausicaa came upon Ulysses, a woman.
She, too, was straight and strong; her dark face was framed by a
blue-checked sunbonnet; she carried a large basket filled with
blackberries, and her lips as well as her hands were stained. She
saw the man lying in a shaft of the sunset, and started back,
then, tiptoeing past, bent forward slightly to examine his face.
In that lingering gaze a twig cracked beneath her foot. He sat up
instantly, tense, expectant; then for a silent space their eyes
caught and clung. Thus the first pair might have gazed when Adam
wakened to find her who was bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh,
standing over him.

"Did I scare you, Miss?" at length asked the Man. "I
thought--well, I didn't know who you might be at first." His gaze
deepened into unconcealed admiration. "I wouldn't scare YOU for
anything!"

"I ain't so easy scairt," the girl returned defiantly. "Ef I
was," she went on in her fresh, young voice, full of queer,
upward inflections, "I wouldn't be a-berryin' in Ragged Woods
after sundaown."

She marched onward, her head thrown well back. Twenty steps later
the Man was again at her side.

"Pardoname, little one!" he said. "But, seein' you ain't scared,
an' thar bein' no blaze in these yere parts, maybe you'd put us
on the trail. Guess I'd a-gone on siesterin' till midnight if you
hadn't a-happened by--gracias a Dios!"

Her glance shot suspicion at him as though she scented banter in
the strange, foreign phrases; then she said:

"Ef you mean you wanter git to Potuck, whar the railroad starts,
you've got to walk three miles back to the Potuck Road; then it's
three miles west to Potuck taown."

"An' what lies on ahead, whar you're goin'?" he asked.

"Why, nothin'," she returned with a child's surprised simplicity.
"Nothin' but Twinklin' Island an' father an' me."

There was silence then, but the Man watched the strong, straight
lines of her face, her keen black eyes, her wealth of black hair
tumbled into the back-fallen sunbonnet. At length he said
quietly:

"Think I'll g'long over with you to your island, camarada. Maybe
your father's got a bite o' something for a hungry man. I pay the
freight, sabe? 'Twon't take me more'n a couple o' hours to make
the railroad to-night."

To this she vouchsafed nothing, but swung onward, shifting her
heavy basket from one hand to the other; then a strong grasp
intervened, and she found herself burdenless. In the village
streets of Potuck and Nogantic, shamefaced lads had offered such
help a hundred times, and she had accepted it, flattered by their
homage; but the quick, silent action of this big, red-haired man
thrilled her with strange anger.

"I don't want no help," she said proudly, "I kin carry that."

"Not while I'm here, chiquita mia!" He smiled downward, and his
body seemed to loom over her like a shield. "Say, when I woke up
an' seen you, do you know what come into my head? A little Navajo
squaw I knowed once. Her name was Moonlight Water, but the
fellers called her Little Peachey. But she was twenty-five, and
you--well, now, how old might you be?"

"Goin' on eighteen," she would have answered nonchalantly to any
one else; for him there woke from the depths of her nature a
fierce retort:

"Give us that basket! I ain't a-goin' to let you carry it a speck
further."

"ALL right," he acquiesced with broad, kind humor, vet without
relinquishing his burden. "ALL right, chiquita mia! Never you
mind me, Little Peachey!"

They gained a bare tongue of land lapped by water. She stepped
into a canoe, the Man following. Very quickly he took the paddle
from her and put forth with strong, practiced strokes, cheering
himself onward with snatches of a queer, guttural burden which he
had picked up from a negro chantey-singer on some Southern
cotton-wharf.

Straight ahead lay the island, breasting the Atlantic swell. Seen
from the distant hills, the red sunset strikes its outpost cliffs
for a moment's splendor, and so it is called Twinkling Island.
The girl said not a word, nor indeed was it necessary. He found
the beach without trouble, helped her ashore, and carried the
canoe up the slope on his back. A hundred yards onward they
encountered a low, rambling house and the vague shape, in the
twilight, of an elderly man smoking his pipe on the steps.

The stranger set down the canoe and gave an account of himself.
But even as the great Ulysses was wont to name a false lineage
and give a feigned story to his hosts, so this man said his name
was McFarlane--which it was not--and told a wily tale of having
been directed to a logging camp where hands were needed, of
alighting at the wrong station and losing his way in an attempted
short cut through the woods. Meanwhile his listener, a man of
weather-beaten face and a great shock of gray hair, observed him
with shrewd attention. At length he replied:

"Thar's few strangers git to Twinkling Island; but so long as
you're here, you're welcome to our plain victuals. The money's
neither here nor thar. Git supper, daughter. Seems you're mighty
particular to git that canoe high an' dry to-night."

The girl wheeled abruptly and strode indoors, flashing at the
stranger a covert, half-defiant glance.

"Gals are queer cattle," mused old Crane, drawing off his
fisherman's boots. " 'Pears to give 'em a kind o' satisfaction to
set a man to work. Her mother was just the same, before her."

The guest said nothing; but the realization that the girl who had
grudged his taking her basket had afterward suffered him to carry
her canoe quite an unnecessary distance, seemed to yield him no
unpleasant thoughts.

They sat down to supper in a low'ceiled room of smoked rafters.
The stranger ate hungrily and with few words, yet always his gaze
followed the girl's slim figure as she moved to and fro, waiting
on the board. As the food disappeared, the talk sprang up. The
girl brought in a huge pitcher of cider and left the men by the
fireplace, while she passed back and forth, clearing away the
dishes. Crane set out a decanter of whisky, which spirit he mixed
sparingly with his cider, as did also his guest--none too
sparingly.

Now was the Man's heart loosened, and he told of all he had seen
and done and lived; of his spendthrift youth, passed aboard tramp
freighters between Lisbon and Rio, Leith and Natal, Tokyo,
Melbourne and the Golden Gate--wherever the sea ran green; of
ginseng-growing in China, shellac gathering in India,
cattle-grazing in Wyoming. He spoke of Alaskan totem-poles, of
Indian sign language, of Aztec monoliths buried in the forest. He
sang "Lather an' Shavin's," "La Golondrina," "The Cowboy's
Lament," and, clicking his fingers castanet-wise, hummed little
Spanish airs whose words he would by no means translate.

Crane marveled that this man should be still on the hitherward
side of thirty; and as the stranger sat there, his very clothes,
poor rags of civilization, seemed to bulk with heroic lines, his
face to reflect man's primal freedom, while his every word rang
with the sheer joy of the things he had seen and known.

At a break in the talk, the girl, who, though she had constantly
busied herself about the room, had missed not a word, nodded
significantly to her father, then walked from the house and out
into the night. He glanced after her for a moment, then turned
with a queer smile.

"We're all 'baout the same, I reckon," he said, "so far as furren
countries is consarned. That's to say, a man allaways conceits
thar's a heap o' promise waitin' for him, somewhar over yonder.
Naow, you've seen sights enough for a hundred men. Contrariwise,
thar's my gal--never been further'n the Caounty Fair. But that
don't stop her; no sirree, human nature can't be stopped. Every
night, fair or storm, she walks daown an' sits on the rocks,
lookin' seaward, before she turns in. She's done it ever since
she was SO high. Why, thar's nothin' to see but the Atlantic an'
a piece o' foreland to the northwest! But her fancy is, the sea's
a-bringin' her somethin'--that's what she used to say as a
kid--somethin', she don't rightly know what. _I_ say it's just
furren countries--pieces she's got outer story books, an' yarns
she's heard the fishermen tell--that's what's she's hankerin'
for, Mr. McFarlane. So ye see, as I say, we're all 'baout the
same, that way."

"When I first seen her," began the Man tentatively, "I could ha'
sworn that--See here, now! Ain't thar still the leavin's of a
redskin outfit up this way?"

"Why, yes," returned the other, with some compunction. "I don't
talk much 'baout it--not that it's a thing to he ashamed of; but
I wouldn't give the gal a handle to think herself different from
any one else hereabout. The truth is, her mother's mother was
pretty near to a full-blooded Ojibway--not the kind you've seen
plaitin' baskets for summer boarders, but a clean,
straight-backed red woman, an' she claimed descent from one o'
their big chiefs. I'm English stock myself, but the wild breed
mixes slow: it's in her blood, Mr. McFarlane, and sometimes it
worrits me. Thar's days she won't speak nor eat, but just goes
off to the woods an' makes little trinkets out o' pine needles
an' bark, and then I know the fit's on her. And proud! Thar's not
a man hereabout she'd lift an eye at, and one feller that
wouldn't take "no" got his head split open with an oar. Sometimes
I've thought that ef she was married to a strong man--strong AND
kind, d'ye see?--'twould be the best thing for her."

At this the stranger, who had missed no word, leaned quickly
forward, the firelight striking his firm face. With the poise of
conscious power he said quite simply:

"I'm the man!"

They eyed each other a moment, Crane measuring the Man who had
come, the Man inviting measurement.

"You mean--?" asked the father. He paused as if welcoming
interruption, but it was not in this man's slow, sure nature to
interrupt. "Tell us what you do mean!"

"I mean," repeated the other slowly, "that I'M THE MAN! I love
that little gal, I want to marry her. O' course you objeck:
that's natural, that's right. I like your objectin', an' I'm
going to fight it to a show-down. First you'll say, `You're
verruckt--crazy.' See hyar now! I've lived life, I have, and I've
seen a drove o' women, hither an' yon, but not one of 'em could
hold me, no more'n an ordinary slipknot could hold stuff on a
packsaddle. I'm no lightweight, an' I need the diamond hitch. But
to-day, when I seen Little Peachey in the scrub over yonder, why,
it was different, and I knowed it right quick. Ever broke a
horse, have you? Well, before you've got your lassoo coiled, the
critter's eyes'll tell you just what sort o' tea-party you're
goin' to have. Thar was a man once--a hoss wrangler--an' the
easier a hoss broke, the more he'd mouch around an' hang his




          RINKITINK IN OZ

Wherein is recorded the Perilous Quest of
   Prince Inga of Pingaree and King
       Rinkitink in the Magical
        Isles that lie beyond
            the Borderland
                 of Oz

           By L. Frank Baum
       "Royal Historian of Oz"


Introducing this Story


Here is a story with a boy hero, and a boy of whom
you have never before heard. There are girls in the
story, too, including our old friend Dorothy, and some
of the characters wander a good way from the Land of Oz
before they all assemble in the Emerald City to take
part in Ozma's banquet. Indeed, I think you will find
this story  quite different from the other histories
of Oz, but I hope you will not like it the less on that
account.

If I am permitted to write another Oz book it will
tell of some thrilling adventures encountered by
Dorothy, Betsy Bobbin, Trot and the Patchwork Girl
right in the Land of Oz, and how they discovered some
amazing creatures that never could have existed outside
a fairy-land. I have an idea that about the time you
are reading this story of Rinkitink I shall be writing
that story of Adventures in Oz.

Don't fail to write me often and give me your advice
and suggestions, which I always appreciate. I get a
good many letters from my readers, but every one is a
joy to me and I answer them as soon as I can find time
to do so.

"OZCOT"
at HOLLYWOOD
in CALIFORNIA, 1916.

L. FRANK BAUM
Royal Historian of Oz




LIST OF CHAPTERS
 1  The Prince of Pingaree
 2  The Coming of King Rinkitink
 3  The Warriors from the North
 4  The Deserted Island
 5  The Three Pearls
 6  The Magic Boat
 7  The Twin Islands
 8  Rinkitink Makes a Great Mistake
 9  A Present for Zella
10  The Cunning of Queen Cor
11  Zella Goes to Coregos
12  The Excitement of Bilbil the Goat
13  Zella Saves the Prince
14  The Escape
15  The Flight of the Rulers
16  Nikobob Refuses a Crown
17  The Nome King
18  Inga Parts With His Pink Pearl
19  Rinkitink Chuckles
20  Dorothy to the Rescue
21  The Wizard Finds an Enchantment
22  Ozma's Banquet
23  The Pearl Kingdom
24  The Captive King





Chapter One

The Prince of Pingaree


If you have a map of the Land of Oz handy, you will
find that the great Nonestic Ocean washes the shores of
the Kingdom of Rinkitink, between which and the Land of
Oz lies a strip of the country of the Nome King and a
Sandy Desert. The Kingdom of Rinkitink isn't very big
and lies close to the ocean, all the houses and the
King's palace being built near the shore. The people
live much upon the water, boating and fishing, and the
wealth of Rinkitink is gained from trading along the
coast and with the islands nearest it.

Four days' journey by boat to the north of Rinkitink
is the Island of Pingaree, and as our story begins here
I must tell you something about this island. At the
north end of Pingaree, where it is widest, the land is
a mile from shore to shore, but at the south end it is
scarcely half a mile broad; thus, although Pingaree is
four miles long, from north to south, it cannot be
called a very big island. It is exceedingly pretty,
however, and to the gulls who approach it from the sea
it must resemble a huge green wedge lying upon the
waters, for its grass and trees give it the color of
an emerald.

The grass came to the edge of the sloping shores; the
beautiful trees occupied all the central portion of
Pingaree, forming a continuous grove where the branches
met high overhead and there was just space beneath
them for the cosy houses of the inhabitants. These
houses were scattered everywhere throughout the
island, so that there was no town or city, unless the
whole island might be called a city. The canopy of
leaves, high overhead, formed a shelter from sun and
rain, and the dwellers in the grove could all look past
the straight tree-trunks and across the grassy slopes
to the purple waters of the Nonestic Ocean.

At the big end of the island, at the north, stood the
royal palace of King Kitticut, the lord and ruler of
Pingaree. It was a beautiful palace, built entirely of
snow-white marble and capped by domes of burnished
gold, for the King was exceedingly wealthy. All along
the coast of Pingaree were found the largest and finest
pearls in the whole world.

These pearls grew within the shells of big oysters,
and the people raked the oysters from their watery
beds, sought out the milky pearls and carried them
dutifully to their King. Therefore, once every year His
Majesty was able to send six of his boats, with sixty
rowers and many sacks of the valuable pearls, to the
Kingdom of Rinkitink, where there was a city called
Gilgad, in which King Rinkitink's palace stood on a
rocky headland and served, with its high towers, as a
lighthouse to guide sailors to the harbor. In Gilgad
the pearls from Pingaree were purchased by the King's
treasurer, and the boats went back to the island laden
with stores of rich merchandise and such supplies of
food as the people and the royal family of Pingaree
needed.

The Pingaree people never visited any other land but
that of Rinkitink, and so there were few other lands
that knew there was such an island. To the southwest
was an island called the Isle of Phreex, where the
inhabitants had no use for pearls. And far north of
Pingaree -- six days' journey by boat, it was said --
were twin islands named Regos and Coregos, inhabited by
a fierce and warlike people.

Many years before this story really begins, ten big
boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos
visited Pingaree, landing suddenly upon the north end
of the island. There they began to plunder and conquer,
as was their custom, but the people of Pingaree,
although neither so big nor so strong as their foes,
were able to defeat them and drive them all back to the
sea, where a great storm overtook the raiders from
Regos and Coregos and destroyed them and their boats,
not a single warrior returning to his own country.

This defeat of the enemy seemed the more wonderful
because the pearl-fishers of Pingaree were mild and
peaceful in disposition and seldom quarreled even among
themselves. Their only weapons were their oyster rakes;
yet the fact remains that they drove their fierce
enemies from Regos and Coregos from their shores.

King Kitticut was only a boy when this remarkable
battle was fought, and now his hair was gray; but he
remembered the day well and, during the years that
followed, his one constant fear was of another invasion
of his enemies. He feared they might send a more
numerous army to his island, both for conquest and
revenge, in which case there could be little hope of
successfully opposing them.

This anxiety on the part of King Kitticut led him to
keep a sharp lookout for strange boats, one of his men
patrolling the beach constantly, but he was too wise to
allow any fear to make him or his subjects unhappy. He
was a good King and lived very contentedly in his fine
palace, with his fair Queen Garee and their one child,
Prince Inga.

The wealth of Pingaree increased year by year; and
the happiness of the people increased, too. Perhaps
there was no place, outside the Land of Oz, where
contentment and peace were more manifest than on this
pretty island, hidden in the besom of the Nonestic
Ocean. Had these conditions remained undisturbed, there
would have been no need to speak of Pingaree in this
story.

Prince Inga, the heir to all the riches and the
kingship of Pingaree, grew up surrounded by every
luxury; but he was a manly little fellow, although
somewhat too grave and thoughtful, and he could never
bear to be idle a single minute. He knew where the
finest oysters lay hidden along the coast and was as
successful in finding pearls as any of the men of the
island, although he was so slight and small. He had a
little boat of his own and a rake for dragging up the
oysters and he was very proud indeed when he could
carry a big white pearl to his father.

There was no school upon the island, as the people of
Pingaree were far removed from the state of
civilization that gives our modern children such
advantages as schools and learned professors, but the
King owned several manuscript books, the pages being
made of sheepskin. Being a man of intelligence, he was
able to teach his son something of reading, writing and
arithmetic.

When studying his lessons Prince Inga used to go into
the grove near his father's palace and climb into the
branches of a tall tree, where he had built a platform
with a comfortable seat to rest upon, all hidden by the
canopy of leaves. There, with no one to disturb him, he
would pore over the sheepskin on which were written the
queer characters of the Pingarese language.

King Kitticut was very proud of his little son, as
well he might be, and he soon felt a high respect for
Inga's judgment and thought that he was worthy to be
taken into the confidence of his father in many matters
of state. He taught the boy the needs of the people and
how to rule them justly, for some day he knew that Inga
would be King in his place. One day he called his son
to his side and said to him:

"Our island now seems peaceful enough, Inga, and we
are happy and prosperous, but I cannot forget those
terrible people of Regos and Coregos. My constant fear
is that they will send a fleet of boats to search for
those of their race whom we defeated many years ago,
and whom the sea afterwards destroyed. If the warriors
come in great numbers we may be unable to oppose them,
for my people are little trained to fighting at best;
they surely would cause us much injury and suffering."

"Are we, then, less powerful than in my grandfather's
day?" asked Prince Inga.

The King shook his head thoughtfully.

"It is not that," said he. "That you may fully
understand that marvelous battle, I must confide to,
you a great secret. I have in my possession three Magic
Talismans, which I have ever guarded with utmost care,
keeping the knowledge of their existence from anyone
else. But, lest I should die, and the secret be lost, I
have decided to tell you what these talismans are and
where they are hidden. Come with me, my son.

He led the way through the rooms of the palace until
they came to the great banquet hall. There, stopping in
the center of the room, he stooped down and touched a
hidden spring in the tiled floor. At once one of the
tiles sank downward and the King reached within the
cavity and drew out a silken bag.

This bag he proceeded to open, showing Inga that it
contained three great pearls, each one as big around as
a marble. One had a blue tint and one was of a delicate
rose color, but the third was pure white.

"These three pearls," said the King, speaking in a
solemn, impressive voice, "are the most wonderful the
world has ever known. They were gifts to one of my
ancestors from the Mermaid Queen, a powerful fairy whom
he once had the good fortune to rescue from her
enemies. In gratitude for this favor she presented him
with these pearls. Each of the three possesses an
astonishing power, and whoever is their owner may count
himself a fortunate man. This one having the blue tint
will give to the person who carries it a strength so
great that no power can resist him. The one with the
pink glow will protect its owner from all dangers that
may threaten him, no matter from what source they may
come. The third pearl -- this one of pure white -- can
speak, and its words are always wise and helpful."

"What is this, my father!" exclaimed the Prince,
amazed; "do you tell me that a pearl can speak? It
sounds impossible."

"Your doubt is due to your ignorance of fairy
powers," returned the King, gravely. "Listen, my son,
and you will know that I speak the truth."

He held the white pearl to Inga's ear and the Prince
heard a small voice say distinctly: "Your father is
right. Never question the truth of what you fail to
understand, for the world is filled with wonders."

"I crave your pardon, dear father," said the Prince,
"for clearly I heard the pearl speak, and its words
were full of wisdom."

"The powers of the other pearls are even greater,"
resumed the King. "Were I poor in all else, these gems
would make me richer than any other monarch the world
holds."

"I believe that," replied Inga, looking at the
beautiful pearls with much awe. "But tell me, my
father, why do you fear the warriors of Regos and
Coregos when these marvelous powers are yours?"

"The powers are mine only while I have the pearls
upon my person," answered King Kitticut, "and I dare
not carry them constantly for fear they might be lost.
Therefore, I keep them safely hidden in this recess. My
only danger lies in the chance that my watchmen might
fail to discover the approach of our enemies and allow
the warrior invaders to seize me before I could secure
the pearls. I should, in that case, be quite powerless
to resist. My father owned the magic pearls at the time
of the Great Fight, of which you have so often heard,
and the pink pearl protected him from harm, while the
blue pearl enabled him and his people to drive away the
enemy. Often have I suspected that the destroying storm
was caused by the fairy mermaids, but that is a matter
of which I have no proof."

"I have often wondered how we managed to win that
battle," remarked Inga thoughtfully. "But the pearls
will assist us in case the warriors come again, will
they not?"

"They are as powerful as ever," declared the King.
"Really, my son, I have little to fear from any foe.
But lest I die and the secret be lost to the next King,
I have now given it into your keeping. Remember that
these pearls are the rightful heritage of all Kings of
Pingaree. If at any time I should be taken from you,
Inga, guard this treasure well and do not forget where
it is hidden."

"I shall not forget," said Inga.

Then the King returned the pearls to their hiding
place and the boy went to his own room to ponder upon
the wonderful secret his father had that day confided
to his care.





Chapter Two

The Coming of King Rinkitink


A few days after this, on a bright and sunny morning
when the breeze blew soft and sweet from the ocean and
the trees waved their leaf-laden branches, the Royal
Watchman, whose duty it was to patrol the shore, came
running to the King with news that a strange boat was
approaching the island.

At first the King was sore afraid and made a step
toward the hidden pearls, but the next moment he
reflected that one boat, even if filled with enemies,
would be powerless to injure him, so he curbed his fear
and went down to the beach to discover who the
strangers might be. Many of the men of Pingaree
assembled there also, and Prince Inga followed his
father. Arriving at the water's edge, they all stood
gazing eagerly at the oncoming boat.

It was quite a big boat, they observed, and covered
with a canopy of purple silk, embroidered with gold. It
was rowed by twenty men, ten on each side. As it came
nearer, Inga could see that in the stern, seated upon a
high, cushioned chair of state, was a little man who
was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was
high This man was dressed in a loose silken robe of
purple that fell in folds to his feet, while upon his
head was a cap of white velvet curiously worked with
golden threads and having a circle of diamonds sewn
around the band. At the opposite end of the boat stood
an oddly shaped cage, and several large boxes of
sandalwood were piled near the center of the craft.

As the boat approached the shore the fat little man
got upon his feet and bowed several times in the
direction of those who had assembled to greet him, and
as he bowed he flourished his white cap in an energetic
manner. His face was round as an apple and nearly as
rosy. When he stopped bowing he smiled in such a sweet
and happy way that Inga thought he must be a very jolly
fellow.

The prow of the boat grounded on the beach, stopping
its speed so suddenly that the little man was caught
unawares and nearly toppled headlong into the sea. But
he managed to catch hold of the chair with one hand and
the hair of one of his rowers with the other, and so
steadied himself. Then, again waving his jeweled cap
around his head, he cried in a merry voice:

"Well, here I am at last!"

"So I perceive," responded King Kitticut, bowing with
much dignity.

The fat man glanced at all the sober faces before him
and burst into a rollicking laugh. Perhaps I should say
it was half laughter and half a chuckle of merriment,
for the sounds he emitted were quaint and droll and
tempted every hearer to laugh with him.

"Heh, heh -- ho, ho, ho!" he roared. "Didn't expect
me, I see. Keek-eek-eek-eek! This is funny -- it's
really funny. Didn't know I was coming, did you? Hoo,
hoo, hoo, hoo! This is certainly amusing. But I'm here,
just the same."

"Hush up!" said a deep, growling voice. "You're
making yourself ridiculous."

Everyone looked to see where this voice came from;
but none could guess who had uttered the words of
rebuke. The rowers of the boat were all solemn and
silent and certainly no one on the shore had spoken.
But the little man did not seem astonished in the
least, or even annoyed.

King Kitticut now addressed the stranger, saying
courteously:

"You are welcome to the Kingdom of Pingaree. Perhaps
you will deign to come ashore and at your convenience
inform us whom we have the honor of receiving as a
guest."

"Thanks; I will," returned the little fat man,
waddling from his place in the boat and stepping, with
some difficulty, upon the sandy beach. "I am King
Rinkitink, of the City of Gilgad in the Kingdom of
Rinkitink, and I have come to Pingaree to see for
myself the monarch who sends to my city so many
beautiful pearls. I have long wished to visit this
island; and so, as I said before, here I am!"

"I am pleased to welcome you," said King Kitticut.
"But why has Your Majesty so few attendants? Is it not
dangerous for the King of a great country to make
distant journeys in one frail boat, and with but twenty
men?"

"Oh, I suppose so," answered King Rinkitink, with a
laugh. "But what else could I do? My subjects would not
allow me to go anywhere at all, if they knew it. So I
just ran away."

"Ran away!" exclaimed King Kitticut in surprise.

"Funny, isn't it? Heh, heh, heh -- woo, hoo!" laughed
Rinkitink, and this is as near as I can spell with
letters the jolly sounds of his laughter. "Fancy a King
running away from his own ple -- hoo, hoo -- keek, eek,
eek, eek! But I had to, don't you see!"

"Why?" asked the other King.

"They're afraid I'll get into mischief. They don't
trust me. Keek-eek-eek -- Oh, dear me! Don't trust
their own King. Funny, isn't it?"

"No harm can come to you on this island," said
Kitticut, pretending not to notice the odd ways of his
guest. "And, whenever it pleases you to return to your
own country, I will send with you a fitting escort of
my own people. In the meantime, pray accompany me to my
palace, where everything shall be done to make you
comfortable and happy."

"Much obliged," answered Rinkitink, tipping his white
cap over his left ear and heartily shaking the hand of
his brother monarch. "I'm sure you can make me
comfortable if you've plenty to eat. And as for being
happy -- ha, ha, ha, ha! -- why, that's my trouble. I'm
too happy. But stop! I've brought you some presents in
those boxes. Please order your men to carry them up to
the palace."

"Certainly," answered King Kitticut, well pleased,
and at once he gave his men the proper orders.

"And, by the way," continued the fat little King,
"let them also take my goat from his cage."

"A goat!" exclaimed the King of Pingaree.

"Exactly; my goat Bilbil. I always ride him wherever
I go, for I'm not at all fond of walking, being a
trifle stout -- eh, Kitticut? -- a trifle stout! Hoo,
hoo, hoo-keek, eek!"

The Pingaree people started to lift the big cage out
of the boat, but just then a gruff voice cried: "Be
careful, you villains!" and as the words seemed to come
from the goat's mouth the men were so astonished that
they dropped the cage upon the sand with a sudden jar.

"There! I told you so!" cried the voice angrily.
"You've rubbed the skin off my left knee. Why on earth
didn't you handle me gently?"

"There, there, Bilbil," said King Rinkitink
soothingly; "don't scold, my boy. Remember that these
are strangers, and we their guests." Then he turned to
Kitticut and remarked: "You have no talking goats on
your island, I suppose."

"We have no goats at all," replied the King; "nor
have we any animals, of any sort, who are able to
talk."

"I wish my animal couldn't talk, either," said
Rinkitink, winking comically at Inga and then looking
toward the cage. "He is very cross at times, and
indulges in language that is not respectful. I thought,
at first, it would be fine to have a talking goat, with
whom I could converse as I rode about my city on his
back; but -- keek-eek-eek-eek! -- the rascal treats me
as if I were a chimney sweep instead of a King. Heh,
heh, heh, keek, eek! A chimney sweep-hoo, hoo, hoo! --
and me a King! Funny, isn't it?" This last was
addressed to Prince Inga, whom he chucked familiarly
under the chin, to the boy's great embarrassment.

"Why do you not ride a horse?" asked King Kitticut.

"I can't climb upon his back, being rather stout;
that's why. Kee, kee, keek, eek! -- rather stout --
hoo, hoo, hoo!" He paused to wipe the tears of
merriment from his eyes and then added: "But I can get
on and off Bilbil's back with ease."

He now opened the cage and the goat deliberately
walked out and looked about him in a sulky manner. One
of the rowers brought from the boat a saddle made of
red velvet and beautifully embroidered with silver
thistles, which he fastened upon the goat's back. The
fat King put his leg over the saddle and seated himself
comfortably, saying:

"Lead on, my noble host, and we will follow."

"What! Up that steep hill?" cried the goat. "Get off
my back at once, Rinkitink, or I won't budge a step.

"But-consider, Bilbil," remonstrated the King. "How
am I to get up that hill unless I ride?"

"Walk!" growled Bilbil.

"But I'm too fat. Really, Bilbil, I'm surprised at
you. Haven't I brought you all this distance so you may
see something of the world and enjoy life? And now you
are so ungrateful as to refuse to carry me! Turn about
is fair play, my boy. The boat carried you to this
shore, because you can't swim, and now you must carry
me up the hill, because I can't climb. Eh, Bilbil,
isn't that reasonable?"

"Well, well, well," said the goat, surlily, "keep
quiet and I'll carry you. But you make me very tired,
Rinkitink, with your ceaseless chatter."

After making this protest Bilbil began walking
up the hill, carrying the fat King upon his back
with no difficulty whatever.

Prince Inga and his father and all the men of
Pingaree were much astonished to overhear this dispute
between King Rinkitink and his goat; but they were too
polite to make critical remarks in the presence of
their guests. King Kitticut walked beside the goat and
the Prince followed after, the men coming last with the
boxes of sandalwood.

When they neared the palace, the Queen and her
maidens came out to meet them and the royal guest was
escorted in state to the splendid throne room of the
palace. Here the boxes were opened and King Rinkitink
displayed all the beautiful silks and laces and jewelry
with which they were filled. Every one of the courtiers
and ladies received a handsome present, and the King
and Queen had many rich gifts and Inga not a few. Thus
the time passed pleasantly until the Chamberlain
announced that dinner was served.

Bilbil the goat declared that he preferred eating of
the sweet, rich grass that grew abundantly in the
palace grounds, and Rinkitink said that the beast could
never bear being shut up in a stable; so they removed
the saddle from his back and allowed him to wander
wherever he pleased.

During the dinner Inga divided his attention between
admiring the pretty gifts he had received and listening
to the jolly sayings of the fat King, who laughed when
he was not eating and ate when he was not laughing and
seemed to enjoy himself immensely.

"For four days I have lived in that narrow boat,"
said he, "with no other amusement than to watch the
rowers and quarrel with Bilbil; so I am very glad to be
on land again with such friendly and agreeable people."

"You do us great honor," said King Kitticut, with a
polite bow.

"Not at all -- not at all, my brother. This Pingaree
must be a wonderful island, for its pearls are the
admiration of all the world; nor will I deny the fact
that my kingdom would be a poor one without the riches
and glory it derives from the trade in your pearls. So
I have wished for many years to come here to see you,
but my people said: 'No! Stay at home and behave
yourself, or we'll know the reason why.'"

"Will they not miss Your Majesty from your
palace at Gilgad?" inquired Kitticut.

"I think not," answered Rinkitink. "You see, one of
my clever subjects has written a parchment entitled
'How to be Good,' and I believed it would benefit me to
study it, as I consider the accomplishment of being
good one of the fine arts. I had just scolded severely
my Lord High Chancellor for coming to breakfast without
combing his eyebrows, and was so sad and regretful at
having hurt the poor man's feelings that I decided to
shut myself up in my own room and study the scroll
until I knew how to be good -- hee, heek, keek, eek,
eek! --to be good! Clever idea, that, wasn't it? Mighty
clever! And I issued a decree that no one should enter
my room, under pain of my royal displeasure, until I
was ready to come out. They're awfully afraid of my
royal displeasure, although not a bit afraid of me.
Then I put the parchment in my pocket and escaped
through the back door to my boat -- and here I am. Oo,
hoo-hoo, keek-eek! Imagine the fuss there would be in
Gilgad if my subjects knew where I am this very
minute!"

"I would like to see that parchment," said the
solemn-eyed Prince Inga, "for if it indeed teaches one
to be good it must be worth its weight in pearls."

"Oh, it's a fine essay," said Rinkitink, "and
beautifully written with a goosequill. Listen to this:
You'll enjoy it -- tee, hee, hee! -- enjoy it."

He took from his pocket a scroll of parchment tied
with a black ribbon, and having carefully unrolled it,
he proceeded to read as follows:

"'A Good Man is One who is Never Bad.' How's that,
eh? Fine thought, what? 'Therefore, in order to be
Good, you must avoid those Things which are Evil.' Oh,
hoo-hoo-hoo! -- how clever! When I get back I shall
make the man who wrote that a royal hippolorum, for,
beyond question, he is the wisest man in my kingdom -as
he has often told me himself." With this, Rinkitink lay
back in his chair and chuckled his queer chuckle until
he coughed, and coughed until he choked and choked
until he sneezed. And he wrinkled his face in such a
jolly, droll way that few could keep from laughing with
him, and even the good Queen was forced to titter
behind her fan.

When Rinkitink had recovered from his fit of laughter
and had wiped his eyes upon a fine lace handkerchief,
Prince Inga said to him:

"The parchment speaks truly."

"Yes, it is true beyond doubt," answered Rinkitink,
"and if I could persuade Bilbil to read it he would be
a much better goat than he is now. Here is another
selection: 'To avoid saying Unpleasant Things, always
Speak Agreeably.' That would hit Bilbil, to a dot. And
here is one that applies to you, my Prince: 'Good
Children are seldom punished, for the reason that they
deserve no punishment.' Now, I think that is neatly
put, and shows the author to be a deep thinker. But the
advice that has impressed me the most is in the
following paragraph: 'You may not find it as Pleasant
to be Good as it is to be Bad, but Other People will
find it more Pleasant.' Haw-hoo-ho! keek-eek! 'Other
people will find it more pleasant!' -- hee, hee, heek,
keek! -- 'more pleasant.' Dear me -- dear me! Therein
lies a noble incentive to be good, and whenever I get
time I'm surely going to try it."

Then he wiped his eyes again with the lace
handkerchief and, suddenly remembering his dinner,
seized his knife and fork and began eating.





Chapter Three

The Warriors from the North


King Rinkitink was so much pleased with the Island of
Pingaree that he continued his stay day after day and
week after week, eating good dinners, talking with King
Kitticut and sleeping. Once in a while he would read
from his scroll. "For," said he, "whenever I return
home, my subjects will be anxious to know if I have
learned 'How to be Good,' and I must not disappoint
them."

The twenty rowers lived on the small end of the
island, with the pearl fishers, and seemed not to care
whether they ever returned to the Kingdom of Rinkitink
or not. Bilbil the goat wandered over the grassy
slopes, or among the trees, and passed his days exactly
as he pleased. His master seldom cared to ride him.
Bilbil was a rare curiosity to the islanders, but since
there was little pleasure in talking with the goat they
kept away from him. This pleased the creature, who
seemed well satisfied to be left to his own devices.

Once Prince Inga, wishing to be courteous, walked up
to the goat and said: "Good morning, Bilbil."

"It isn't a good morning," answered Bilbil grumpily.
"It is cloudy and damp, and looks like rain."

"I hope you are contented in our kingdom," continued
the boy, politely ignoring the other's harsh words.

"I'm not," said Bilbil. "I'm never contented; so it
doesn't matter to me whether I'm in your kingdom or in
some other kingdom. Go away -- will you?"

"Certainly," answered the Prince, and after this
rebuff he did not again try to make friends with
Bilbil.

Now that the King, his father, was so much occupied
with his royal guest, Inga was often left to amuse
himself, for a boy could not be allowed to take part in
the conversation of two great monarchs. He devoted
himself to his studies, therefore, and day after day he
climbed into the branches of his favorite tree and sat
for hours in his "tree-top rest," reading his father's
precious manuscripts and thinking upon what he read.

You must not think that Inga was a molly-coddle or a
prig, because he was so solemn and studious. Being a
King's son and heir to a throne, he could not play with
the other boys of Pingaree, and he lived so much in the
society of the King and Queen, and was so surrounded by
the pomp and dignity of a court, that he missed all the
jolly times that boys usually have. I have no doubt
that had he been able to live as other boys do, he
would have been much like other boys; as it was, he was
subdued by his surroundings, and more grave and
thoughtful than one of his years should be.

Inga was in his tree one morning when, without
warning, a great fog enveloped the Island of Pingaree.
The boy could scarcely see the tree next to that in
which he sat, but the leaves above him prevented the
dampness from wetting him, so he curled himself up in
his seat and fell fast asleep.

All that forenoon the fog continued. King Kitticut,
who sat in his palace talking with his merry visitor,
ordered the candles lighted, that they might be able to
see one another. The good Queen, Inga's mother, found
it was too dark to work at her embroidery, so she
called her maidens together and told them wonderful
stories of bygone days, in order to pass away the
dreary hours.

But soon after noon the weather changed. The dense
fog rolled away like a heavy cloud and suddenly the sun
shot his bright rays over the island.

"Very good!" exclaimed King Kitticut. "We shall have
a pleasant afternoon, I am sure," and he blew out the
candles.

Then he stood a moment motionless, as if turned to
stone, for a terrible cry from without the palace
reached his ears -- a cry so full of fear and horror
that the King's heart almost stopped beating.
Immediately there was a scurrying of feet as every one
in the palace, filled with dismay, rushed outside to
see what had happened. even fat little Rinkitink sprang
from his chair and followed his host and the others
through the arched vestibule.

After many years the worst fears of King Kitticut
were realized.

Landing upon the beach, which was but a few steps
from the palace itself, were hundreds of boats, every
one filled with a throng of fierce warriors. They
sprang upon the land with wild shouts of defiance and
rushed to the King's palace, waving aloft their swords
and spears and battleaxes.

King Kitticut, so completely surprised that he was
bewildered, gazed at the approaching host with terror
and grief.

"They are the men of Regos and Coregos!" he groaned.
"We are, indeed, lost!"

Then he bethought himself, for the first time, of his
wonderful pearls. Turning quickly, he ran back into the
palace and hastened to the hall where the treasures
were hidden. But the leader of the warriors had seen
the King enter the palace and bounded after him,
thinking he meant to escape. Just as the King had
stooped to press the secret spring in the tiles, the
warrior seized him from the rear and threw him backward
upon the floor, at the same time shouting to his men to
fetch ropes and bind the prisoner. This they did very
quickly and King Kitticut soon found himself helplessly
bound and in the power of his enemies. In this sad
condition he was lifted by the warriors and carried
outside, when the good King looked upon a sorry sight.

The Queen and her maidens, the officers and servants
of the royal household and all who had inhabited this
end of the Island of Pingaree had been seized by the
invaders and bound with ropes. At once they began
carrying their victims to the boats, tossing them in as
unceremoniously as if they had been bales of
merchandise.

The King looked around for his son Inga, but failed
to find the boy among the prisoners. Nor was the fat
King, Rinkitink, to be seen anywhere about.

The warriors were swarming over the palace like bees
in a hive, seeking anyone who might be in hiding, and
after the search had been prolonged for some time the
leader asked impatiently: "Do you find anyone else?"

"No," his men told him. "We have captured them all."

"Then," commanded the leader, "remove everything of
value from the palace and tear down its walls and
towers, so that not one stone remains upon another!"

While the warriors were busy with this task we will
return to the boy Prince, who, when the fog lifted and
the sun came out, wakened from his sleep and began to
climb down from his perch in the tree. But the
terrifying cries of the people, mingled with the shouts
of the rude warriors, caused him to pause and listen
eagerly.

Then he climbed rapidly up the tree, far above his
platform, to the topmost swaying branches. This tree,
which Inga called his own, was somewhat taller than the
other trees that surrounded it, and when he had reached
the top he pressed aside the leaves and saw a great
fleet of boats upon the shore -- strange boats, with
banners that he had never seen before. Turning to look
upon his father's palace, he found it surrounded by a
horde of enemies. Then Inga knew the truth: that tile
island had been invaded by the barbaric warriors from
the north. He grew so faint from the terror of it all
that he might have fallen had he not wound his arms
around a limb and clung fast until the dizzy feeling
passed away. Then with his sash he bound himself to the
limb and again ventured to look out through the leaves.

The warriors were now engaged in carrying King
Kitticut and Queen Garee and all their other captives
down to the boats, where they were thrown in and
chained one to another. It was a dreadful sight for the
Prince to witness, but he sat very still, concealed
from the sight of anyone below by the bower of leafy
branches around him. Inga knew very well that he could
do nothing to help his beloved parents, and that if he
came down he would only be forced to share their cruel
fate.

Now a procession of the Northmen passed between the
boats and the palace, bearing the rich furniture,
splendid draperies and rare ornaments of which the
royal palace had been robbed, together with such food
and other plunder as they could lay their hands upon.
After this, the men of Regos and Coregos threw ropes
around the marble domes and towers and hundreds of
warriors tugged at these ropes until the domes and
towers toppled and fell in ruins upon the ground. Then
the walls themselves were torn down, till little
remained of the beautiful palace but a vast heap of
white marble blocks tumbled and scattered upon the
ground.

Prince Inga wept bitter tears of grief as he watched
the ruin of his home; yet he was powerless to avert the
destruction. When the palace had been demolished, some
of the warriors entered their boats and rowed along the
coast of the island, while the others marched in a
great body down the length of the island itself. They
were so numerous that they formed a line stretching
from shore to shore and they destroyed every house they
came to and took every inhabitant prisoner.

The pearl fishers who lived at the lower end of the
island tried to escape in their boats, but they were
soon overtaken and made prisoners, like the others. Nor
was there any attempt to resist the foe, for the sharp
spears and pikes and swords of the invaders terrified
the hearts of the defenseless people of Pingaree, whose
sole weapons were their oyster rakes.

When night fell the whole of the Island of Pingaree
had been conquered by the men of the North, and all its
people were slaves of the conquerors. Next morning the
men of Regos and Coregos, being capable of no further
mischief, departed from the scene of their triumph,
carrying their prisoners with them and taking also
every boat to be found upon the island. Many of the
boats they had filled with rich plunder, with pearls
and silks and velvets, with silver and gold ornaments
and all the treasure that had made Pingaree famed as
one of the richest kingdoms in the world. And the
hundreds of slaves they had captured would be set to
work in the mines of Regos and the grain fields of
Coregos.

So complete was the victory of the Northmen that it
is no wonder the warriors sang songs of triumph as they
hastened back to their homes. Great rewards were
awaiting them when they showed the haughty King of
Regos and the terrible Queen of Coregos the results of
their ocean raid and conquest.




Chapter Four

The Deserted Island


All through that terrible night Prince Inga remained
hidden in his tree. In the morning he watched the great
fleet of boats depart for their own country, carrying
his parents and his countrymen with them, as well as
everything of value the Island of Pingaree had
contained.

Sad, indeed, were the boy's thoughts when the last of
the boats had become a mere speck in the distance, but
Inga did not dare leave his perch of safety until all
of the craft of the invaders had disappeared beyond the
horizon. Then he came down, very slowly and carefully,
for he was weak from hunger and the long and weary
watch, as he had been in the tree for twenty-four hours
without food.

The sun shone upon the beautiful green isle as
brilliantly as if no ruthless invader had passed and
laid it in ruins. The birds still chirped among the
trees and the butterflies darted from flower to flower
as happily as when the land was filled with a
prosperous and contented people.

Inga feared that only he was left of all his nation.
Perhaps he might be obliged to pass his life there
alone. He would not starve, for the sea would give him
oysters and fish, and the trees fruit; yet the life
that confronted him was far from enticing.

The boy's first act was to walk over to where the
palace had stood and search the ruins until he found
some scraps of food that had been overlooked by the
enemy. He sat upon a block of marble and ate of this,
and tears filled his eyes as he gazed upon the
desolation around him. But Inga tried to bear up
bravely, and having satisfied his hunger he walked over
to the well, intending to draw a bucket of drinking
water.

Fortunately, this well had been overlooked by the
invaders and the bucket was still fastened to the chain
that wound around a stout wooden windlass. Inga took
hold of the crank and began letting the bucket down
into the well, when suddenly he was startled by a
muffled voice crying out:

"Be careful, up there!"

The sound and the words seemed to indicate that the
voice came from the bottom of the well, so Inga looked
down. Nothing could be seen, on account of the
darkness.

"Who are you?" he shouted.

"It's I -- Rinkitink," came the answer, and the
depths of the well echoed: "Tink-i-tink-i-tink!" in a
ghostly manner.

"Are you in the well?" asked the boy, greatly
surprised.

"Yes, and nearly drowned. I fell in while running
from those terrible warriors, and I've been standing in
this damp hole ever since, with my head just above the
water. It's lucky the well was no deeper, for had my
head been under water, instead of above it -- hoo, hoo,
hoo, keek, eek! -- under instead of over, you know --
why, then I wouldn't be talking to you now! Ha, hoo,
hee!" And the well dismally echoed: "Ha, hoo, hee!"
which you must imagine was a laugh half merry and half
sad.

"I'm awfully sorry," cried the boy, in answer. "I
wonder you have the heart to laugh at all. But how am I
to get you out?"

"I've been considering that all night," said
Rinkitink, "and I believe the best plan will be for you
to let down the bucket to me, and I'll hold fast to it
while you wind up the chain and so draw me to the top."

"I will try to do that," replied Inga, and he let the
bucket down very carefully until he heard the King call
out:

"I've got it! Now pull me up -- slowly, my boy,
slowly -- so I won't rub against the rough sides."

Inga began winding up the chain, but King Rinkitink
was so fat that he was very heavy and by the time the
boy had managed to pull him halfway up the well his
strength was gone. He clung to the crank as long as
possible, but suddenly it slipped from his grasp and
the next minute he heard Rinkitink fall "plump!" into
the water again.

"That's too bad!" called Inga, in real distress; "but
you were so heavy I couldn't help it."

"Dear me!" gasped the King, from the darkness below,
as he spluttered and coughed to get the water out of
his mouth. "Why didn't you tell me you were going to
let go?"

"I hadn't time," said Inga, sorrowfully.

"Well, I'm not suffering from thirst," declared the
King, "for there's enough water inside me to float all
the boats of Regos and Coregos or at least it feels
that way. But never mind! So long as I'm not actually
drowned, what does it matter?"

"What shall we do next?" asked the boy anxiously.

"Call someone to help you," was the reply.

"There is no one on the island but myself," said the
boy; "-- excepting you," he added, as an afterthought.

"I'm not on it -- more's the pity! -- but in it,"
responded Rinkitink. "Are the warriors all gone?"

"Yes," said Inga, "and they have taken my father and
mother, and all our people, to be their slaves," he
added, trying in vain to repress a sob.

"So -- so!" said Rinkitink softly; and then he paused
a moment, as if in thought. Finally he said: "There are
worse things than slavery, but I never imagined a well
could be one of them. Tell me, Inga, could you let down
some food to me? I'm nearly starved, and if you could
manage to send me down some food I'd be well fed --
hoo, hoo, heek, keek, eek! -- well fed. Do you see the
joke, Inga?"

"Do not ask me to enjoy a joke just now, Your
Majesty," begged Inga in a sad voice; "but if you will
be patient I will try to find something for you to
eat."

He ran back to the ruins of the palace and began
searching for bits of food with which to satisfy the
hunger of the King, when to his surprise he observed
the goat, Bilbil, wandering among the marble blocks.

"What!" cried Inga. "Didn't the warriors get you,
either?"

"If they had," calmly replied Bilbil, "I shouldn't be
here."

"But how did you escape?" asked the boy.

"Easily enough. I kept my mouth shut and stayed away
from the rascals," said the goat. "I knew that the
soldiers would not care for a skinny old beast like me,
for to the eye of a stranger I seem good for nothing.
Had they known I could talk, and that my head contained
more wisdom than a hundred of their own noddles, I
might not have escaped so easily."

"Perhaps you are right," said the boy.

"I suppose they got the old man?" carelessly remarked
Bilbil.

"What old man?"

"Rinkitink."

"Oh, no! His Majesty is at the bottom of the well,"
said Inga, "and I don't know how to get him out again."

"Then let him stay there," suggested the goat.

"That would be cruel. I am sure, Bilbil, that you are
fond of the good King, your master, and do not mean
what you say. Together, let us find some way to save
poor King Rinkitink. He is a very jolly companion, and
has a heart exceedingly kind and gentle."

"Oh, well; the old boy isn't so bad, taken
altogether," admitted Bilbil, speaking in a more
friendly tone. "But his bad jokes and fat laughter tire
me dreadfully, at times."

Prince Inga now ran back to the well, the goat
following more leisurely.

"Here's Bilbil!" shouted the boy to the King. "The
enemy didn't get him, it seems."

"That's lucky for the enemy," said Rinkitink. "But
it's lucky for me, too, for perhaps the beast can
assist me out of this hole. If you can let a rope down
the well, I am sure that you and Bilbil, pulling
together, will be able to drag me to the earth's
surface."

"Be patient and we will make the attempt," replied
Inga encouragingly, and he ran to search. the ruins for
a rope. Presently he found one that had been used by
the warriors in toppling over the towers, which in
their haste they had neglected to remove, and with some
difficulty he untied the knots and carried the rope to
the mouth of the well.

Bilbil had lain down to sleep and the refrain of a
merry song came in muffled tones from the well, proving
that Rinkitink was making a patient endeavor to amuse
himself.

"I've found a rope!" Inga called down to him; and
then the boy proceeded to make a loop in one end of the
rope, for the King to put his arms through, and the
other end he placed over the drum of the windlass. He
now aroused Bilbil and fastened the rope firmly around
the goat's shoulders.

"Are you ready?" asked the boy, leaning over the
well.

"I am," replied the King.

"And I am not," growled the goat, "for I have not yet
had my nap out. Old Rinki will be safe enough in the
well until I've slept an hour or two longer."

"But it is damp in the well," protested the boy, "and
King Rinkitink may catch the rheumatism, so that he
will have to ride upon your back wherever he goes."

Hearing this, Bilbil jumped up at once.

"Let's get him out," he said earnestly.

"Hold fast!" shouted Inga to the King. Then he seized
the rope and helped Bilbil to pull. They soon found the
task more difficult than they had supposed. Once or
twice the King's weight threatened to drag both the boy
and the goat into the well, to keep Rinkitink company.
But they pulled sturdily, being aware of this danger,
and at last the King popped out of the hole and fell
sprawling full length upon the ground.

For a time he lay panting and breathing hard to get
his breath back, while Inga and Bilbil were likewise
worn out from their long strain at the rope; so the
three rested quietly upon the grass and looked at one
another in silence.

Finally Bilbil said to the King: "I'm surprised at
you. Why were you so foolish as to fall down that well?
Don't you know it's a dangerous thing to do? You might
have broken your neck in the fall, or been drowned in
the water."

"Bilbil," replied the King solemnly, "you're a goat.
Do you imagine I fell down the well on purpose?"

"I imagine nothing," retorted Bilbil. "I only know
you were there."

"There? Heh-heh-heek-keek-eek! To be sure I was
there," laughed Rinkitink. "There in a dark hole, where
there was no light; there in a watery well, where the
wetness soaked me through and through -- keek-eek-eek-
eek! -- through and through!"

"How did it happen?" inquired Inga.

"I was running away from the enemy," explained the
King, "and I was carelessly looking over my shoulder at
the same time, to see if they were chasing me. So I did
not see the well, but stepped into it and found myself
tumbling down to the bottom. I struck the water very
neatly and began struggling to keep myself from
drowning, but presently I found that when I stood upon
my feet on the bottom of the well, that my chin was
just above the water. So I stood still and yelled for
help; but no one heard me."

"If the warriors had heard you," said Bilbil, "they
would have pulled you out and carried you away to be a
slave. Then you would have been obliged to work for a
living, and that would be a new experience."

"Work!" exclaimed Rinkitink. "Me work? Hoo, hoo,
heek-keek-eek! How absurd! I'm so stout -- not to say
chubby -- not to say fat -- that I can hardly walk, and
I couldn't earn my salt at hard work. So I'm glad the
enemy did not find me, Bilbil. How many others
escaped?"

"That I do not know," replied the boy, "for I
have not yet had time to visit the other parts of
the island. When you have rested and satisfied
your royal hunger, it might be well for us to
look around and see what the thieving warriors
of Regos and Coregos have left us."

"An excellent idea," declared Rinkitink. "I am
somewhat feeble from my long confinement in the well,
but I can ride upon Bilbil's back and we may as well
start at once."

Hearing this, Bilbil cast a surly glance at his
master but said nothing, since it was really the goat's
business to carry King Rinkitink wherever he desired to
go.

They first searched the ruins of the palace, and
where the kitchen had once been they found a small
quantity of food that had been half hidden by a block
of marble. This they carefully placed in a sack to
preserve it for future use, the little fat King having
first eaten as much as he cared for. This consumed some
time, for Rinkitink had been exceedingly hungry and
liked to eat in a leisurely manner. When he had
finished the meal he straddled Bilbil's back and set
out to explore the island, Prince Inga walking by his
side.

They found on every hand ruin and desolation. The
houses of the people had been pilfered of all valuables
and then torn down or burned. Not a boat had been left
upon the shore, nor was there a single person, man or
woman or child, remaining upon the island, save
themselves. The only inhabitants of Pingaree now
consisted of a fat little King, a boy and a goat.

Even Rinkitink, merry hearted as he was, found it
hard to laugh in the face of this mighty disaster. Even
the goat, contrary to its usual habit, refrained from
saying anything disagreeable. As for the poor boy whose
home was now a wilderness, the tears came often to his
eyes as he marked the ruin of his dearly loved island.

When, at nightfall, they reached the lower end of
Pingaree and found it swept as bare as the rest, Inga's
grief was almost more than he could bear. Everything
had been swept from him -- parents, home and country --
in so brief a time that his bewilderment was equal to
his sorrow.

Since no house remained standing, in which they might
sleep, the three wanderers crept beneath the
overhanging branches of a cassa tree and curled
themselves up as comfortably as possible. So tired and
exhausted were they by the day's anxieties and griefs
that their troubles soon faded into the mists of
dreamland. Beast and King and boy slumbered peacefully
together until wakened by the singing of the birds
which greeted the dawn of a new day.




Chapter Five

The Three Pearls


When King Rinkitink and Prince Inga had bathed
themselves in the sea and eaten a simple breakfast,
they began wondering what they could do to improve
their condition.

"The poor people of Gilgad," said Rinkitink
cheerfully, "are little likely ever again to behold
their King in the flesh, for my boat and my rowers are
gone with everything else. Let us face the fact that we
are imprisoned for life upon this island, and that our
lives will be short unless we can secure more to eat
than is in this small sack."

"I'll not starve, for I can eat grass," remarked the
goat in a pleasant tone -- or a tone as pleasant as
Bilbil could assume.

"True, quite true," said the King. Then he seemed
thoughtful for a moment and turning to Inga he asked:
"Do you think, Prince, that if the worst comes, we
could eat Bilbil?"

The goat gave a groan and cast a reproachful look at
his master as he said:

"Monster! Would you, indeed, eat your old friend and
servant?"

"Not if I can help it, Bilbil," answered the King
pleasantly. "You would make a remarkably tough morsel,
and my teeth are not as good as they once were.

While this talk was in progress Inga suddenly
remembered the three pearls which his father had hidden
under the tiled floor of the banquet hall. Without
doubt King Kitticut had been so suddenly surprised by
the invaders that he had found no opportunity to get
the pearls, for otherwise the fierce warriors would
have been defeated and driven out of Pingaree. So they
must still be in their hiding place, and Inga believed
they would prove of great assistance to him and his
comrades in this hour of need. But the palace was a
mass of ruins; perhaps he would be unable now to find
the place where the pearls were hidden.

He said nothing of this to Rinkitink, remembering
that his father had charged him to preserve the secret
of the pearls and of their magic powers. Nevertheless,
the thought of securing the wonderful treasures of his
ancestors gave the boy new hope.

He stood up and said to the King:

"Let us return to the other end of Pingaree. It is
more pleasant than here in spite of the desolation of
my father's palace. And there, if anywhere, we shall
discover a way out of our difficulties."

This suggestion met with Rinkitink's approval and the
little party at once started upon the return journey.
As there was no occasion to delay upon the way, they
reached the big end of the island about the middle of
the day and at once began searching the ruins of the
palace.

They found, to their satisfaction, that one room at
the bottom of a tower was still habitable, although the
roof was broken in and the place was somewhat littered
with stones. The King was, as he said, too fat to do
any hard work, so he sat down on a block of marble and
watched Inga clear the room of its rubbish. This done,
the boy hunted through the ruins until he discovered a
stool and an armchair that had not been broken beyond
use. Some bedding and a mattress were also found, so
that by nightfall the little room had been made quite
comfortable

The following morning, while Rinkitink was still
sound asleep and Bilbil was busily cropping the dewy
grass that edged the shore, Prince Inga began to search
the tumbled heaps of marble for the place where the
royal banquet hall had been. After climbing over the
ruins for a time he reached a flat place which he
recognized, by means of the tiled flooring and the
broken furniture scattered about, to be the great hall
he was seeking. But in the center of the floor,
directly over the spot where the pearls were hidden,
lay several large and heavy blocks of marble, which had
been torn from the dismantled walls.

This unfortunate discovery for a time discouraged the
boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such
vast obstacles; but it was so important to secure the
pearls that he dared not give way to despair until
every human effort had been made, so he sat him down to
think over the matter with great care.

Meantime Rinkitink had risen from his bed and walked
out upon the lawn, where he found Bilbil reclining at
ease upon the greensward.

"Where is Inga?" asked Rinkitink, rubbing his eyes
with his knuckles because their vision was blurred with
too much sleep.

"Don't ask me," said the goat, chewing with much
satisfaction a cud of sweet grasses.

"Bilbil," said the King, squatting down beside the
goat and resting his fat chin upon his hands and his
elbows on his knees, "allow me to confide to you the
fact that I am bored, and need amusement. My good
friend Kitticut has been kidnapped by the barbarians
and taken from me, so there is no one to converse with
me intelligently. I am the King and you are the goat.
Suppose you tell me a story.

"Suppose I don't," said Bilbil, with a scowl, for a
goat's face is very expressive.

"If you refuse, I shall be more unhappy than ever,
and I know your disposition is too sweet to permit
that. Tell me a story, Bilbil."

The goat looked at him with an expression of scorn.
Said he:

"One would think you are but four years old,
Rinkitink! But there -- I will do as you command.
Listen carefully, and the story may do you some good --
although I doubt if you understand the moral."

"I am sure the story will do me good," declared the
King, whose eyes were twinkling.

"Once on a time," began the goat.

"When was that, Bilbil?" asked the King gently.

"Don't interrupt; it is impolite. Once on a time
there was a King with a hollow inside his head, where
most people have their brains, and --"

"Is this a true story, Bilbil?"

"And the King with a hollow head could chatter words,
which had no sense, and laugh in a brainless manner at
senseless things. That part of the story is true
enough, Rinkitink."

"Then proceed with the tale, sweet Bilbil. Yet it is
hard to believe that any King could be brainless --
unless, indeed, he proved it by owning a talking goat."

Bilbil glared at him a full minute in silence.
Then he resumed his story:

"This empty-headed man was a King by accident, having
been born to that high station. Also the King was
empty-headed by the same chance, being born without
brains."

"Poor fellow!" quoth the King. "Did he own a talking
goat?"

"He did," answered Bilbil.

"Then he was wrong to have been born at all. Cheek-
eek-eek-eek, oo, hoo!" chuckled Rinkitink, his fat body
shaking with merriment. "But it's hard to prevent
oneself from being born; there's no chance for protest,
eh, Bilbil?"

"Who is telling this story, I'd like to know,"
demanded the goat, with anger.

"Ask someone with brains, my boy; I'm sure I can't
tell," replied the King, bursting into one of his merry
fits of laughter.

Bilbil rose to his hoofs and walked away in a
dignified manner, leaving Rinkitink chuckling anew at
the sour expression of the animal's face.

"Oh, Bilbil, you'll be the death of me, some day --
I'm sure you will!" gasped the King, taking out his
lace handkerchief to wipe his eyes; for, as he often
did, he had laughed till the tears came.

Bilbil was deeply vexed and would not even turn his
head to look at his master. To escape from Rinkitink he
wandered among the ruins of the palace, where he came
upon Prince Inga.

"Good morning, Bilbil," said the boy. "I was just
going to find you, that I might consult you upon an
important matter. If you will kindly turn back with me
I am sure your good judgment will be of great
assistance."

The angry goat was quite mollified by the respectful
tone in which he was addressed, but he immediately
asked:

"Are you also going to consult that empty-headed King
over yonder?"

"I am sorry to hear you speak of your kind master in
such a way," said the boy gravely. "All men are
deserving of respect, being the highest of living
creatures, and Kings deserve respect more than others,
for they are set to rule over many people."

"Nevertheless," said Bilbil with conviction,
"Rinkitink's head is certainly empty of brains."

"That I am unwilling to believe," insisted Inga. "But
anyway his heart is kind and gentle and that is better
than being wise. He is merry in spite of misfortunes
that would cause others to weep and he never speaks
harsh words that wound the feelings of his friends."

"Still," growled Bilbil, "he is --"

"Let us forget everything but his good nature, which
puts new heart into us when we are sad," advised the
boy."

"But he is --"

"Come with me, please," interrupted Inga, "for the
matter of which I wish to speak is very important."

Bilbil followed him, although the boy still heard the
goat muttering that the King had no brains. Rinkitink,
seeing them turn into the ruins, also followed, and
upon joining them asked for his breakfast.

Inga opened the sack of food and while he and the
King ate of it the boy said:

"If I could find a way to remove some of the blocks
of marble which have fallen in the banquet hall, I
think I could find means for us to escape from this
barren island."

"Then," mumbled Rinkitink, with his mouth full, "let
us move the blocks of marble."

"But how?" inquired Prince Inga. "They are very
heavy."

"Ah, how, indeed?" returned the  King, smacking his
lips contentedly. "That is a serious question. But -- I
have it! Let us see what my famous parchment says about
it." He wiped his fingers upon a napkin and then,
taking the scroll from a pocket inside his embroidered
blouse, he unrolled it and read the following words:
'Never step on another man's toes.'

The goat gave a snort of contempt; Inga was silent;
the King looked from one to the other inquiringly.

"That's the idea, exactly!" declared Rinkitink.

"To be sure," said Bilbil scornfully, "it tells us
exactly how to move the blocks of marble."

"Oh, does it?" responded the King, and then for a
moment he rubbed the top of his bald head in a
perplexed manner. The next moment he burst into a peal
of joyous laughter. The goat looked at Inga and sighed.

"What did I tell you?" asked the creature. "Was I
right, or was I wrong?"

"This scroll," said Rinkitink, "is indeed a
masterpiece. Its advice is of tremendous value. 'Never
step on another man's toes.' Let us think this over.
The inference is that we should step upon our own toes,
which were given us for that purpose. Therefore, if I
stepped upon another man's toes, I would be the other
man. Hoo, hoo, hoo! -- the other man -- hee, hee, heek-
keek-eek! Funny, isn't it?"

"Didn't I say --" began Bilbil.

"No matter what you said, my boy," roared the King.
"No fool could have figured that out as nicely as I
did."

"We have still to decide how to remove the blocks of
marble," suggested Inga anxiously.

 "Fasten a rope to them, and pull," said Bilbil.
"Don't pay any more attention to Rinkitink, for he is
no wiser than the man who wrote that brainless scroll.
Just get the rope, and we'll fasten Rinkitink to one
end of it for a weight and I'll help you pull."

"Thank you, Bilbil," replied the boy. "I'll get the
rope at once.

Bilbil found it difficult to climb over the ruins to
the floor of the banquet hall, but there are few places
a goat cannot get to when it makes the attempt, so
Bilbil succeeded at last, and even fat little Rinkitink
finally joined them, though much out of breath.

Inga fastened one end of the rope around a block of
marble and then made a loop at the other end to go over
Bilbil's head. When all was ready the boy seized the
rope and helped the goat to pull; yet, strain as they
might, the huge block would not stir from its place.
Seeing this, King Rinkitink came forward and lent his
assistance, the weight of his body forcing the heavy
marble to slide several feet from where it had lain.

But it was hard work and all were obliged to take a
long rest before undertaking the removal of the next
block.

"Admit, Bilbil," said the King, "that I am of some
use in the world."

"Your weight was of considerable help," acknowledged
the goat, "but if your head were as well filled as
your stomach the task would be still easier."

When Inga went to fasten the rope a second time he
was rejoiced to discover that by moving one more block
of marble he could uncover the tile with the secret
spring. So the three pulled with renewed energy and to
their joy the block moved and rolled upon its side,
leaving Inga free to remove the treasure when he
pleased.

But the boy had no intention of allowing Bilbil and
the King to share the secret of the royal treasures of
Pingaree; so, although both the goat and its master
demanded to know why the marble blocks had been moved,
and how it would benefit them, Inga begged them to wait
until the next morning, when he hoped to be able to
satisfy them that their hard work had not been in vain.

Having little confidence in this promise of a mere
boy, the goat grumbled and the King laughed; but Inga
paid no heed to their ridicule and set himself to work
rigging up a fishing rod, with line and hook. During
the afternoon he waded out to some rocks near the shore
and fished patiently until he had captured enough
yellow perch for their supper and breakfast.

"Ah," said Rinkitink, looking at the fine catch when
Inga returned to the shore; "these will taste delicious
when they are cooked; but do you know how to cook
them?"

"No," was the reply. I have often caught fish, but
never cooked them. Perhaps Your Majesty understands
cooking."

"Cooking and majesty are two different things,"
laughed the little King. "I could not cook a fish to
save me from starvation."

"For my part," said Bilbil, "I never eat fish, but I
can tell you how to cook them, for I have often watched
the palace cooks at their work." And so, with the
goat's assistance, the boy and the King managed to
prepare the fish and cook them, after which they were
eaten with good appetite.

That night, after Rinkitink and Bilbil were both fast
asleep, Inga stole quietly through the moonlight to the
desolate banquet hall. There, kneeling down, he touched
the secret spring as his father had instructed him to
do and to his joy the tile sank downward and disclosed
the opening. You may imagine how the boy's heart
throbbed with excitement as he slowly thrust his hand
into the cavity and felt around to see if the precious
pearls were still there. In a moment his fingers
touched the silken bag and, without pausing to close
the recess, he pressed the treasure against his breast
and ran out into the moonlight to examine it. When he
reached a bright place he started to open the bag, but
he observed Bilbil lying asleep upon the grass near by.
So, trembling with the fear of discovery, he ran to
another place, and when he paused he heard Rinkitink
snoring lustily. Again he fled and made his way to the
seashore, where he squatted under a bank and began to
untie the cords that fastened the mouth of the bag. But
now another fear assailed him.

"If the pearls should slip from my hand," he thought,
"and roll into the water, they might be lost to me
forever. I must find some safer place."

Here and there he wandered, still clasping the silken
bag in both hands, and finally he went to the grove and
climbed into the tall tree where he had made his
platform and seat. But here it was pitch dark, so he
found he must wait patiently until morning before he
dared touch the pearls. During those hours of waiting
he had time for reflection and reproached himself for
being so frightened by the possession of his father's
treasures.

"These pearls have belonged to our family for
generations," he mused, "yet no one has ever lost them.
If I use ordinary care I am sure I need have no fears
for their safety."

When the dawn came and he could see plainly, Inga
opened the bag and took out the Blue Pearl. There was
no possibility of his being observed by others, so he
took time to examine it wonderingly, saying to himself:
"This will give me strength."

Taking off his right shoe he placed the Blue Pearl
within it, far up in the pointed toe. Then he tore a
piece from his handkerchief and stuffed it into the
shoe to hold the pearl in place. Inga's shoes were long
and pointed, as were all the shoes worn in Pingaree,
and the points curled upward, so that there was quite a
vacant space beyond the place where the boy's toes
reached when the shoe was upon his foot.

After he had put on the Shoe and laced it up he
opened the bag and took out the Pink Pearl. "This will
protect me from danger," said Inga, and removing the
shoe from his left foot he carefully placed the pearl
in the hollow toe. This, also, he secured in place by
means of a strip torn from his handkerchief.

Having put on the second shoe and laced it up, the
boy drew from the silken bag the third pearl -- that
which was pure white -- and holding it to his ear he
asked.

"Will you advise me what to do, in this my hour of
misfortune?"

Clearly the small voice of the pearl made answer:

"I advise you to go to the Islands of Regos and
Coregos, where you may liberate your parents from
slavery."

"How could I do that?" exclaimed Prince Inga, amazed
at receiving such advice.

"To-night," spoke the voice of the pearl, "there will
be a storm, and in the morning a boat will strand upon
the shore. Take this boat and row to Regos and
Coregos."

"How can I, a weak boy, pull the boat so far?" he
inquired, doubting the possibility.

"The Blue Pearl will give you strength," was the
reply.

"But I may be shipwrecked and drowned, before ever I
reach Regos and Coregos," protested the boy.

"The Pink Pearl will protect you from harm," murmured
the voice, soft and low but very distinct.

"Then I shall act as you advise me," declared Inga,
speaking firmly because this promise gave him courage,
and as he removed the pearl from his ear it whispered:

"The wise and fearless are sure to win success."

Restoring the White Pearl to the depths of the silken
bag, Inga fastened it securely around his neck and
buttoned his waist above it to hide the treasure from
all prying eyes. Then he slowly climbed down from the
tree and returned to the room where King Rinkitink
still slept.

The goat was browsing upon the grass but looked cross
and surly. When the boy said good morning as he passed,
Bilbil made no response whatever. As Inga entered the
room the King awoke and asked:

"What is that mysterious secret of yours? I've been
dreaming about it, and I haven't got my breath yet from
tugging at those heavy blocks. Tell me the secret."

"A secret told is no longer a secret," replied Inga,
with a laugh. "Besides, this is a family secret, which
it is proper I should keep to myself. But I may tell
you one thing, at least: We are going to leave this
island to-morrow morning."

The King seemed puzzled' by this statement.

"I'm not much of a swimmer," said he, "and, though
I'm fat enough to float upon the surface of the water,
I'd only bob around and get nowhere at all."

"We shall not swim, but ride comfortably in a boat,"
promised Inga.

"There isn't a boat on this island!" declared
Rinkitink, looking upon the boy with wonder.

"True," said Inga. "But one will come to us in the
morning." He spoke positively, for he had perfect faith
in the promise of the White Pearl; but Rinkitink,
knowing nothing of the three marvelous jewels, began to
fear that the little Prince had lost his mind through
grief and misfortune.

For this reason the King did not question the boy
further but tried to cheer him by telling him witty
stories. He laughed at all the stories himself, in his
merry, rollicking way, and Inga joined freely in the
laughter because his heart had been lightened by the
prospect of rescuing his dear parents. Not since the
fierce warriors had descended upon Pingaree had the boy
been so hopeful and happy.

With Rinkitink riding upon Bilbil's back, the three
made a tour of the island and found in the central part
some bushes and trees bearing ripe fruit. They gathered
this freely, for -- aside from the fish which Inga
caught -- it was the only food they now had, and the
less they had, the bigger Rinkitink's appetite seemed
to grow.

"I am never more happy," said he with a sigh, "than
when I am eating."

Toward evening the sky became overcast and soon a
great storm began to rage. Prince Inga and King
Rinkitink took refuge within the shelter of the room
they had fitted up and there Bilbil joined them. The
goat and the King were somewhat disturbed by the
violence of the storm, but Inga did not mind it, being
pleased at this evidence that the White Pearl might be
relied upon.

All night the wind shrieked around the island;
thunder rolled, lightning flashed and rain came down in
torrents. But with morning the storm abated and when
the sun arose no sign of the tempest remained save a
few fallen trees.




Chapter Six

The Magic Boat


Prince Inga was up with the sun and, accompanied by
Bilbil, began walking along the shore in search of the
boat which the White Pearl had promised him. Never for
an instant did he doubt that he would find it and
before he had walked any great distance a dark object
at the water's edge caught his eye.

"It is the boat, Bilbil!" he cried joyfully, and
running down to it he found it was, indeed, a large and
roomy boat. Although stranded upon the beach, it was in
perfect order and had suffered in no way from the
storm.

Inga stood for some moments gazing upon the handsome
craft and wondering where it could have come from.
Certainly it was unlike any boat he had ever seen. On
the outside it was painted a lustrous black, without
any other color to relieve it; but all the inside of
the boat was lined with pure silver, polished so highly
that the surface resembled a mirror and glinted
brilliantly in the rays of the sun. The seats had white
velvet cushions upon them and the cushions were
splendidly embroidered with threads of gold. At one
end, beneath the broad seat, was a small barrel with
silver hoops, which the boy found was filled with
fresh, sweet water. A great chest of sandalwood, bound
and ornamented with silver, stood in the other end of
the boat. Inga raised the lid and discovered the chest
filled with sea-biscuits, cakes, tinned meats and ripe,
juicy melons; enough good and wholesome food to last
the party a long time.

Lying upon the bottom of the boat were two shining
oars, and overhead, but rolled back now, was a canopy
of silver cloth to ward off the heat of the sun.

It is no wonder the boy was delighted with the
appearance of this beautiful boat; but on reflection he
feared it was too large for him to row any great
distance. Unless, indeed, the Blue Pearl gave him
unusual strength.

While he was considering this matter, King Rinkitink
came waddling up to him and said:

"Well, well, well, my Prince, your words have come
true! Here is the boat, for a certainty, yet how it
came here -- and how you knew it would come to us --
are puzzles that mystify me. I do not question our good
fortune, however, and my heart is bubbling with joy,
for in this boat I will return at once to my City of
Gilgad, from which I have remained absent altogether
too long a time."

"I do not wish to go to Gilgad," said Inga.

"That is too bad, my friend, for you would be very
welcome. But you may remain upon this island, if you
wish," continued Rinkitink, "and when I get home I will
send some of my people to rescue you."

"It is my boat, Your Majesty," said Inga quietly.

"May be, may be," was the careless answer, "but I am
King of a great country, while you are a boy Prince
without any kingdom to speak of. Therefore, being of
greater importance than you, it is just and right that
I take, your boat and return to my own country in it."

"I am sorry to differ from Your Majesty's views,"
said Inga, "but instead of going to Gilgad I consider
it of greater importance that we go to the islands of
Regos and Coregos."

"Hey? What!" cried the astounded King. "To Regos and
Coregos! To become slaves of the barbarians, like the
King, your father? No, no, my boy! Your Uncle Rinki may
have an empty noddle, as Bilbil claims, but he is far
too wise to put his head in the lion's mouth. It's no
fun to be a slave."





THE LOST PRINCESS OF OZ
by L. FRANK BAUM


This Book is Dedicated
To My Granddaughter
OZMA BAUM


To My Readers

Some of my youthful readers are developing wonderful
imaginations. This pleases me. Imagination has brought
mankind through the Dark Ages to its present state of
civilization. Imagination led Columbus to discover
America. Imagination led Franklin to discover
electricity. Imagination has given us the steam engine,
the telephone, the talking-machine and the automobile,
for these things had to be dreamed of before they
became realities. So I believe that dreams -- day
dreams, you know, with your eyes wide open and your
brain-machinery whizzing -- are likely to lead to the
betterment of the world. The imaginative child will
become the imaginative man or woman most apt to create,
to invent, and therefore to foster civilization. A
prominent educator tells me that fairy tales are of
untold value in developing imagination in the young. I
believe it.

Among the letters I receive from children are many
containing suggestions of "what to write about in the
next Oz Book." Some of the ideas advanced are mighty
interesting, while others are too extravagant to be
seriously considered -- even in a fairy tale. Yet I
like them all, and I must admit that the main idea in
"The Lost Princess of Oz" was suggested to me by a
sweet little girl of eleven who called to see me and to
talk about the Land of Oz. Said she: "I s'pose if Ozma
ever got lost, or stolen, ev'rybody in Oz would be
dreadful sorry."

That was all, but quite enough foundation to build
this present story on. If you happen to like the story,
give credit to my little friend's clever hint.

L. Frank Baum
Royal Historian of Oz


1 A Terrible Loss
2 The Troubles of Glinda the Good
3 The Robbery of Cayke the Cookie Cook
4 Among the Winkies
5 Ozma's Friends Are Perplexed
6 The Search Party
7 The Merry-Go-Round Mountains
8 The Mysterious City
9 The High Coco-Lorum of Thi
10 Toto Loses Something
11 Button-Bright Loses Himself
12 The Czarover of Herku
13 The Truth Pond
14 The Unhappy Ferryman
15 The Big Lavender Bear
16 The Little Pink Bear
17 The Meeting
18 The Conference
19 Ugu the Shoemaker
20 More Surprises
21 Magic Against Magic
22 In the Wicker Castle
23 The Defiance of Ugu the Shoemaker
24 The Little Pink Bear Speaks Truly
25 Ozma of Oz
26 Dorothy Forgives



THE LOST PRINCESS of OZ




Chapter One

A Terrible Loss


There could be no doubt of the fact: Princess Ozma, the
lovely girl ruler of the Fairyland of Oz, was lost. She
had completely disappeared. Not one of her subjects --
not even her closest friends -- knew what had become of her.

It was Dorothy who first discovered it. Dorothy was a
little Kansas girl who had come to the Land of Oz to
live and had been given a delightful suite of rooms in
Ozma's royal palace, just because Ozma loved Dorothy
and wanted her to live as near her as possible, so the
two girls might be much together.

Dorothy was not the only girl from the outside world
who had been welcomed to Oz and lived in the royal
palace. There was another named Betsy Bobbin, whose
adventures had led her to seek refuge with Ozma, and
still another named Trot, who had been invited,
together with her faithful companion, Cap'n Bill, to
make her home in this wonderful fairyland. The three
girls all had rooms in the palace and were great chums;
but Dorothy was the dearest friend of their gracious
Ruler and only she at any hour dared to seek Ozma in
her royal apartments. For Dorothy had lived in Oz much
longer than the other girls and had been made a
Princess of the realm.

Betsy was a year older than Dorothy and Trot was a
year younger, yet the three were near enough of an age
to become great playmates and to have nice times
together. It was while the three were talking together
one morning in Dorothy's room that Betsy proposed they
make a journey into the Munchkin Country, which was one
of the four great countries of the Land of Oz ruled by
Ozma.

"I've never been there yet," said Betsy Bobbin, "but
the Scarecrow once told me it is the prettiest country
in all Oz."

"I'd like to go, too," added Trot.

"All right," said Dorothy, "I'll go and ask Ozma.
Perhaps she will let us take the Sawhorse and the Red
Wagon, which would be much nicer for us than having to
walk all the way. This Land of Oz is a pretty big
place, when you get to all the edges of it."

So she jumped up and went along the balls of the
splendid palace until she came to the royal suite,
which filled all the front of the second floor. In a
little waiting room sat Ozma's maid, Jellia Jamb, who
was busily sewing.

"Is Ozma up yet?" inquired Dorothy.

"I don't know, my dear," replied Jellia. "I haven't
heard a word from her this morning. She hasn't even
called for her bath or her breakfast, and it is far
past her usual time for them."

"That's strange!" exclaimed the little girl.

"Yes," agreed the maid; "but of course no harm could
have happened to her. No one can die or be killed in
the Land of Oz and Ozma is herself a powerful fairy,
and she has no enemies, so far as we know. Therefore I
am not at all worried about her, though I must admit
her silence is unusual."

"Perhaps," said Dorothy, thoughtfully, "she has
overslept. Or she may be reading, or working out some
new sort of magic to do good to her people."

"Any of these things may be true," replied Jellia
Jamb, "so I haven't dared disturb our royal mistress.
You, however, are a privileged character, Princess, and
I am sure that Ozma wouldn't mind at all if you went in
to see her."

"Of course not," said Dorothy, and opening the door
of the outer chamber she went in. All was still here.
She walked into another room, which was Ozma's boudoir,
and then, pushing hack a heavy drapery richly broidered
with threads of pure gold, the girl entered the
sleeping-room of the fairy Ruler of Oz. The bed of
ivory and gold was vacant; the room was vacant; not a
trace of Ozma was to be found.

Very much surprised, yet still with no fear that
anything had happened to her friend, Dorothy returned
through the boudoir to the other rooms of the suite.
She went into the music room, the library, the
laboratory, the bath, the wardrobe and even into the
great throne room, which adjoined the royal suite, but
in none of these places could she find Ozma.

So she returned to the anteroom where she had left
the maid, Jellia Jamb, and said:

"She isn't in her rooms now, so she must have gone
out."

"I don't understand how she could do that without my
seeing her," replied Jellia, "unless she made herself
invisible."

"She isn't there, anyhow," declared Dorothy.

"Then let us go find her," suggested the maid, who
appeared to be a little uneasy.

So they went into the corridors and there Dorothy
almost stumbled over a queer girl who was dancing
lightly along the passage.

"Stop a minute, Scraps!" she called. "Have you seen
Ozma this morning?"

"Not I!" replied the queer girl, dancing nearer. "I
lost both my eyes in a tussle with the Woozy, last
night, for the creature scraped 'em both off my face
with his square paws. So I put the eyes in my pocket
and this morning Button-Bright led me to Aunt Em, who
sewed 'em on again. So I've seen nothing at all today,
except during the last five minutes. So of course I
haven't seen Ozma."

"Very well, Scraps," said Dorothy, looking curiously
at the eyes, which were merely two round black buttons
sewed upon the girl's face.

There were other things about Scraps that would have
seemed curious to one seeing her for the first time.
She was commonly called 'The Patchwork Girl," because
her body and limbs were made from a gaycolored
patchwork quilt which had been cut into shape and
stuffed with cotton. Her head was a round ball stuffed
in the same manner and fastened to her shoulders. For
hair she had a mass of brown yarn and to make a nose
for her a pan of the cloth had been pulled out into the
shape of a knob and tied with a string to hold it in
place. Her mouth had been carefully made by cutting a
slit in the proper place and lining it with red silk,
adding two rows of pearls for teeth and a bit of red
flannel for a tongue.

In spite of this queer make-up, the Patchwork Girl
was magically alive and had proved herself not the
least jolly and agreeable of the many quaint characters
who inhabit the astonishing Fairyland of Oz. Indeed,
Scraps was a general favorite, although she was rather
flighty and erratic and did and said many things that
surprised her friends. She was seldom still, but loved
to dance, to turn handsprings and somersaults, to climb
trees and to indulge in many other active sports.

"I'm going to search for Ozma," remarked Dorothy,
"for she isn't in her rooms and I want to ask her a
question."

"I'll go with you," said Scraps, "for my eyes are
brighter than yours and they can see farther."

"I'm not sure of that," remarked Dorothy. "But come
along, if you like."

Together they searched all through the great palace
and even to the farthest limits of the palace grounds,
which were quite extensive, but nowhere could they find
a trace of Ozma. When Dorothy returned to where Betsy
and Trot awaited her, the little girl's face was rather
solemn and troubled, for never before had Ozma gone
away without telling her friends where she was going,
or without an escort that befitted her royal state.

She was gone, however, and none had seen her go.
Dorothy had met and questioned the Scarecrow, Tik-Tok,
the Shaggy Man, Button-Bright, Cap'n Bill, and even the
wise and powerful Wizard of Oz, but not one of them had
seen Ozma since she parted with her friends the evening
before and had gone to her own rooms.

"She didn't say anything las' night about going
anywhere," observed little Trot.

"No, and thats the strange Part of it," replied
Dorothy. "Usually Ozma lets us know of everything she
does."

"Why not look in the Magic Picture?" suggested Betsy
Bobbin. "That will tell us where she is, in just one
second."

"Of course!" cried Dorothy. "Why didn't I think of
that before?" and at once the three girls hurried away
to Ozma's boudoir, where the Magic Picture always hung.

This wonderful Magic Picture was one of the royal
Ozma's greatest treasures. there was a large gold
frame, in the center of which was a bluish-gray canvas
on which various scenes constantly appeared and
disappeared. If one who stood before it wished to see
what any person -- anywhere in the world -- was doing,
it was only necessary to make the wish and the scene in
the Magic Picture would shift to the scene where that
person was and show exactly what he or she was then
engaged in doing. So the girls knew it would be easy
for them to wish to see Ozma, and from the picture they
could quickly learn where she was.

Dorothy advanced to the place where the picture was
usually protected by thick satin Curtains, and pulled
the draperies aside. Then she stared in amazement,
while her two friends uttered exclamations of
disappointment.

The Magic Picture was gone. Only a blank space on the
wall behind the curtains showed where it had formerly
hung.




Chapter Two

The Troubles of Glinda the Good


That same morning there was great excitement in the
castle of the powerful Sorceress of Oz, Glinda the
Good. This castle, situated in the Quadling Country,
far south of the Emerald City where Ozma ruled, was a
splendid structure of exquisite marbles and silver
grilles. Here the Sorceress lived, surrounded by a bevy
of the most beautiful maidens of Oz, gathered from all
the four countries of that fairyland as well as from
the magnificent Emerald City itself, which stood in the
place where the four countries cornered.

It was considered a great honor to be allowed to
serve the good Sorceress, whose arts of magic were used
only to benefit the Oz people. Glinda was Ozma's most
valued servant, for her knowledge of sorcery was
wonderful and she could accomplish almost anything that
her mistress, the lovely girl Ruler of Oz, wished her
to.

Of all the magical things which surrounded Glinda in
her castle there was none more marvelous than her Great
Book of Records. On the pages of this Record Book were
constantly being inscribed -- day by day and hour by
hour -- all the important events that happened anywhere
in the known world, and they were inscribed in the book
at exactly the moment the events happened. Every
adventure in the Land of Oz and in the big outside
world, and even in places that you and I have never
heard of, were recorded accurately in the Great Book,
which never made a mistake and stated only the exact
truth. For that reason nothing could be concealed from
Glinda the Good, who had only to look at the pages of
the Great Book of Records to know everything that had
taken place. That was one reason she was such a great
Sorceress, for the records made her wiser than any
other living person.

This wonderful book was placed upon a big gold table
that stood in the middle of Glinda's drawing-room. The
legs of the table, which were encrusted with precious
gems, were firmly fastened to the tiled floor and the
book itself was chained to the table and locked with
six stout golden padlocks, the keys to which Glinda
carried on a chain that was secured around her own
neck.

The pages of the Great Book were larger in size than
those of an American newspaper and although they were
exceedingly thin there were so many of them that they
made an enormous, bulky volume. With its gold cover and
gold clasps the book was so heavy that three men could
scarcely have lifted it. Yet this morning, when Glinda
entered her drawing-room after breakfast, with all her
maidens trailing after her, the good Sorceress was
amazed to discover that her Great Book of Records had
mysteriously disappeared.

Advancing to the table, she found the chains had been
cut with some sharp instrument, and this must have been
done while all in the castle slept. Glinda was shocked
and grieved. Who could have done this wicked, bold
thing? And who could wish to deprive her of her Great
Book of Records?

The Sorceress was thoughtful for a time, considering
the consequences of her loss. Then she went to her Room
of Magic to prepare a charm that would tell her who had
stolen the Record Book. But, when she unlocked her
cupboards and threw open the doors, all of her magical
instruments and rare chemical compounds had been
removed from the shelves.

The Sorceress was now both angry and alarmed. She sat
down in a chair and tried to think how this
extraordinary robbery could have taken place. It was
evident that the thief was some person of very great
power, or the theft could never have been accomplished
without her knowledge. But who, in all the Land of Oz,
was powerful and skillful enough to do this awful
thing? And who, having the power, could also have an
object in defying the wisest and most talented
Sorceress the world has ever known?

Glinda thought over the perplexing matter for a full
hour, at the end of which time she was still puzzled
how to explain it. But although her instrument and
chemicals were gone her knowledge of magic had not been
stolen, by any means, since no thief, however skillful,
can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is
the best and safest treasure to acquire. Glinda
believed that when she had time to gather more magical
herbs and elixirs and to manufacture more magical
instruments she would be able to discover who the
robber was, and what had become of her precious Book of
Records.

"Whoever has done this," she said to her maidens, "is
a very foolish person, for in time he is sure to be
found out and will then be severely punished."

She now made a list of the things she needed and
dispatched messengers to every part of Oz with
instructions to obtain them and bring them to her as
soon as possible. And one of her messengers met the
little Wizard of Oz, who was mounted on the back of the
famous live Sawhorse and was clinging to its neck with
both his arms; for the Sawhorse was speeding to
Glinda's castle with the velocity of the wind, bearing
the news that Royal Ozma, Ruler of all the great Land
of Oz, had suddenly disappeared and no one in the
Emerald City knew what had become of her.

"Also," said the Wizard, as he stood before the
astonished Sorceress, "Ozma's Magic Picture is gone, so
we cannot consult it to discover where she is. So I
came to you for assistance as soon as we realized our
loss. Let us look in the Great Book of Records."

"Alas," returned the Sorceress sorrowfully, "we
cannot do that, for the Great Book of Records has also
disappeared!"




Chapter Three

Robbery of Cayke the Cookie Cook


One more important theft was reported in the Land of Oz
that eventful morning, but it took place so far from
either the Emerald City or the castle of Glinda the
Good that none of those persons we have mentioned
learned of the robbery until long afterward.

In the far southwestern corner of the Winkie Country
is a broad tableland that can be reached only by
climbing a steep hill, whichever side one approaches
it. On the hillside surrounding this tableland are no
paths at all, but there are quantities of bramble-
bushes with sharp prickers on them, which prevent any
of the Oz people who live down below from climbing up
to see what is on top. But on top live the Yips, and
although the space they occupy is not great in extent
the wee country is all their own. The Yips had never --
up to the time this story begins -- left their broad
tableland to go down into the Land of Oz, nor had the
Oz people ever climbed up to the country of the Yips.

Living all alone as they did, the Yips had queer ways
and notions of their own and did not resemble any other
people of the Land of Oz. Their houses were scattered
all over the flat surface; not like a city, grouped
together, but set wherever their owners' fancy
dictated, with fields here, trees there, and odd little
paths connecting the houses one with another.

It was here, on the morning when Ozma so strangely
disappeared from the Emerald City, that Cayke the
Cookie Cook discovered that her diamond-studded gold
dishpan had been stolen, and she raised such a hue-and-
cry over her loss and wailed and shrieked so loudly
that many of the Yips gathered around her house to
inquire what was the matter.

It was a serious thing, in any part of the Land of
Oz, to accuse one of stealing, so when the Yips heard
Cayke the Cookie Cook declare that her jeweled dishpan
had been stolen they were both humiliated and disturbed
and forced Cayke to go with them to the Frogman to see
what could be done about it.

I do not suppose you have ever before heard of the
Frogman, for like all other dwellers on that tableland
he had never been away from it, nor had anyone come up
there to see him. The Frogman was, in truth, descended
from the common frogs of Oz, and when he was first born
he lived in a pool in the Winkie Country and was much
like any other frog. Being of an adventurous nature,
however, he soon hopped out of his pool and began to
travel, when a big bird came along and seized him in
its beak and started to fly away with him to its nest.
When high in the air the frog wriggled so frantically
that he got loose and fell down-down-down into a small
hidden pool on the tableland of the Yips. Now this
pool, it seems, was unknown to the Yips because it was
surrounded by thick bushes and was not near to any
dwelling, and it proved to be an enchanted pool, for
the frog grew very fast and very big, feeding on the
magic skosh which is found nowhere else on earth except
in that one pool. And the skosh not only made the frog
very big, so that when he stood on his hind legs he was
tall as any Yip in the country, but it made him
unusually intelligent, so that he soon knew more than
the Yips did and was able to reason and to argue very
well indeed.

No one could expect a frog with these talents to
remain in a hidden pool, so he finally got out of it
and mingled with the people of the tableland, who were
amazed at his appearance and greatly impressed by his
learning. They had never seen a frog before and the
frog had never seen a Yip before, but as there were
plenty of Yips and only one frog, the frog became the
most important. He did not hop any more, but stood
upright on his hind legs and dressed himself in fine
clothes and sat in chairs and did all the things that
people do; so he soon came to be called the Frogman,
and that is the only name he has ever had.

After some years had passed the people came to regard
the Frogman as their adviser in all matters that
puzzled them. They brought all their difficulties to
him and when he did not know anything he pretended to
know it, which seemed to answer just as well. Indeed,
the Yips thought the Frogman was much wiser than he
really was, and he allowed them to think so, being very
proud of his position of authority.

There was another pool on the tableland, which was
not enchanted but contained good clear water and was
located close to the dwellings. Here the people built
the Frogman a house of his own, close to the edge of
the pool, so that he could take a bath or a swim
whenever he wished. He usually swam in the pool in the
early morning, before anyone else was up, and during
the day he dressed himself in his beautiful clothes and
sat in his house and received the visits of all the
Yips who came to him to ask his advice.

The Frogman's usual costume consisted of knee-
breeches made of yellow satin plush, with trimmings of
gold braid and jeweled knee-buckles; a white satin vest
with silver buttons in which were set solitaire rubies;
a swallow-tailed coat of bright yellow; green stockings
and red leather shoes turned up at the toes and having
diamond buckles. He wore, when he walked out, a purple
silk hat and carried a gold-headed cane. Over his eyes
he wore great spectacles with gold rims, not because
his eyes were bad but because the spectacles made him
look wise, and so distinguished and gorgeous was his
appearance that all the Yips were very proud of him.

There was no King or Queen in the Yip Country, so the
simple inhabitants naturally came to look upon the
Frogman as their leader as well as their counselor in
all times of emergency. In his heart the big frog knew
he was no wiser than the Yips, but for a frog to know
as much as a person was quite remarkable, and the
Frogman was shrewd enough to make the people believe he
was far more wise than he really was. They never
suspected he was a humbug, but listened to his words
with great respect and did just what he advised them
to do.

Now, when Cayke the Cookie Cook raised such an outcry
over the theft of her diamond-studded dishpan, the
first thought of the people was to take her to the
Frogman and inform him of the loss, thinking that of
course he could tell her where to find it.

He listened to the story with his big eyes wide open
behind his spectacles, and said in his deep, croaking
voice:

"If the dishpan is stolen, somebody must have taken
it."

"But who?" asked Cayke, anxiously. "Who is the
thief?"

"The one who took the dishpan, of course, replied the
Frogman, and hearing this all the Yips nodded their
heads gravely and said to one another:

"It is absolutely true!"

"But I want my dishpan!" cried Cayke.

"No one can blame you for that wish," remarked the
Frogman.

"Then tell me where I may find it," she urged.

The look the Frogman gave her was a very wise look
and he rose from his chair and strutted up and down the
room with his hands under his coat-tails, in a very
pompous and imposing manner. This was the first time so
difficult a matter had been brought to him and he
wanted time to think. It would never do to let them
suspect his ignorance and so he thought very, very hard
how best to answer the woman without betraying himself.

"I beg to inform you," said he, "that nothing in the
Yip Country has ever been stolen before."

"We know that, already," answered Cayke the Cookie
Cook, impatiently.

"Therefore," continued the Frogman, "this theft
becomes a very important matter."

"Well, where is my dishpan?" demanded the woman.

"It is lost; but it must be found. Unfortunately, we
have no policemen or detectives to unravel the mystery,
so we must employ other means to regain the lost
article. Cayke must first write a Proclamation and tack
it to the door of her house, and the Proclamation must
read that whoever stole the jeweled dishpan must return
it at once."

"But suppose no one returns it," suggested Cayke.

"Then," said the Frogman, "that very fact will be
proof that no one has stolen it."

Cayke was not satisfied, but the other Yips seemed to
approve the plan highly. They all advised her to do as
the Frogman had told her to, so she posted the sign on
her door and waited patiently for someone to return the
dishpan -- which no one ever did.

Again she went, accompanied by a group of her
neighbors, to the Frogman, who by this time had given
the matter considerable thought. Said he to Cayke:

"I am now convinced that no Yip has taken your
dishpan, and, since it is gone from the Yip Country, I
suspect that some stranger came from the world down
below us, in the darkness of night when all of us were
asleep, and took away your treasure. There can be no
other explanation of its disappearance. So, if you wish
to recover that golden, diamond-studded dish-pan, you
must go into the lower world after it."

This was indeed a startling proposition. Cayke and
her friends went to the edge of the fiat tableland and
looked down the steep hillside to the plains below. It
was so far to the bottom of the hill that nothing there
could be seen very distinctly and it seemed to the Yips
very venturesome, if not dangerous, to go so far from
home into an unknown land.

However, Cayke wanted her dishpan very badly, so she
turned to her friends and asked:

"Who will go with me?"

No one answered this question, but after a period of
silence one of the Yips said:

"We know what is here, on the top of this flat hill,
and it seems to us a very pleasant place; but what is
down below we do not know. The chances are it is not so
pleasant, so we had best stay where we are.

"It may be a far better country than this is,"
suggested the Cookie Cook.

"Maybe, maybe," responded another Yip, "but why take
chances? Contentment with one's lot is true wisdom.
Perhaps, in some other country, there are better
cookies than you cook; but as we have always eaten your
cookies, and liked them -- except when they are burned
on the bottom -- we do not long for any better ones."

Cayke might have agreed to this argument had she not
been so anxious to find her precious dishpan, but now
she exclaimed impatiently:

"You are cowards -- all of you! If none of you are
willing to explore with me the great world beyond this
small hill, I will surely go alone."

"That is a wise resolve," declared the Yips, much
relieved. "It is your dishpan that is lost, not ours;
and, if you are willing to risk your life and liberty
to regain it, no one can deny you the privilege."

While they were thus conversing the Frogman joined
them and looked down at the Plain with his big eyes and
seemed unusually thoughtful. In fact, the Frogman was
thinking that he'd like to see more of the world. Here
in the Yip Country he had become the most important
creature of them all and his importance was getting to
be a little tame. It would be nice to have other people
defer to him and ask his advice and there seemed no
reason, so far as he could see, why his fame should not
spread throughout all Oz.

He knew nothing of the rest of the world, but it was
reasonable to believe that there were more people
beyond the mountain where he now lived than there were
Yips, and if he went among them he could surprise them
with his display of wisdom and make them bow down to
him as the Yips did. In other words, the Frogman was
ambitious to become still greater than he was, which
was impossible if he always remained upon this
mountain. He wanted others to see his gorgeous clothes
and listen to his solemn sayings, and here was an
excuse for him to get away from the Yip Country. So he
said to Cayke the Cookie Cook:

"I will go with you, my good woman," which greatly
Pleased Cayke because she felt the Frogman could be of
much assistance to her in her search.

But now, since the mighty Frogman had decided to
undertake the journey, several of the Yips who were
young and daring at once made up their minds to go
along; so the next morning after breakfast the Frogman
and Cayke the Cookie Cook and nine of the Yips started
to slide down the side of the mountain. The bramble
bushes and cactus plants were very prickly and
uncomfortable to the touch, so the Frogman commanded
the Yips to go first and break a path, so that when he
followed them he would not tear his splendid clothes.
Cayke, too, was wearing her best dress, and was
likewise afraid of the thorns and prickers, so she kept
behind the Frogman.

They made rather slow progress and night overtook
them before they were halfway down the mountain side,
so they found a cave in which they sought shelter until
morning. Cayke had brought along a basket full of her
famous cookies, so they all had plenty to eat.

On the second day the Yips began to wish they had not
embarked on this adventure. They grumbled a good deal
at having to cut away the thorns to make the path for
the Frogman and the Cookie Cook, for their own clothing
suffered many tears, while Cayke and the Frogman
traveled safely and in comfort.

"If it is true that anyone came to our country to
steal your diamond dishpan," said one of the Yips to
Cayke, "it must have been a bird, for no person in the
form of a man, woman or child could have climbed
through these bushes and back again."

"And, allowing he could have done so," said another
Yip, "the diamond-studded gold dishpan would not have
repair him for his troubles and his tribulations."

"For my part," remarked a third Yip, "I would rather
go back home and dig and polish some more diamonds, and
mine some more gold, and make you another dishpan, than
be scratched from bead to heel by these dreadful
bushes. Even now, if my mother saw me, she would not
know I am her son."

Gayke paid no heed to these mutterings, nor did the
Frogman. Although their journey was slow it was being
made easy for them by the Yips, so they had nothing to
complain of and no desire to turn back.

Quite near to the bottom of the great hill they came
upon a deep gulf, the sides of which were as smooth as
glass. The gulf extended a long distance -- as far as
they could see, in either direction -- and although it
was not very wide it was far too wide for the Yips to
leap across it. And, should they fall into it, it was
likely they might never get out again.

"Here our journey ends," said the Yips. "We must go
back again."

Cayke the Cookie Cook began to weep.

"I shall never find my pretty dishpan again -- and my
heart will be broken!" she sobbed.

The Frogman went to the edge of the gulf and with his
eye carefully measured the distance to the other side.

"Being a frog," said he, "I can leap, as all frogs
do; and, being so big and strong, I am sure I can leap
across this gulf with ease. But the rest of you, not
being frogs, must return the way you came.

"We will do that with pleasure," cried the Yips and
at once they turned and began to climb up the steep
mountain, feeling they had had quite enough of this
unsatisfactory adventure. Cayke the Cookie Cook did not
go with them, however. She sat on a rock and wept and
wailed and was very miserable.

"Well," said the Frogman to her, "I will now bid you
good-bye. If I find your diamond decorated gold dishpan
I will promise to see that it is safely returned to
you."

"But I prefer to find it myself!" she said. "See
here, Frogman, why can't you carry me across the gulf
when you leap it? You are big and strong, while I am
small and thin."

The Frogman gravely thought over this suggestion. It
was a fact that Cayke the Cookie Cook was not a heavy
person. Perhaps he could leap the gulf with her on his
back.

"If you are willing to risk a fall," said he, "I will
make the attempt."

At once she sprang up and grabbed him around his neck
with both her arms. That is, she grabbed him where his
neck ought to be, for the Frogman had no neck at all.
Then he squatted down, as frogs do when they leap, and
with his powerful rear legs he made a tremendous jump.

Over the gulf he sailed, with the Cookie Cook on his
back, and he had leaped so bard -- to make sure of not
falling in that he sailed over a lot of bramble-bushes
that grew on the other side and landed in a clear space
which was so far beyond the gulf that when they looked
back they could not see it at all.

Cayke now got off the Frogman's back and he stood
erect again and carefully brushed the dust from his
velvet coat and rearranged his white satin necktie.

"I had no idea I could leap so far," he said
wonderingly. "leaping is one more accomplishment I can
now add to the long list of deeds I am able to
perform."

"You are certainly fine at leap-frog," said the
Cookie Cook, admiringly; "but, as you say, you are
wonderful in many ways. If we meet with any people down
here I am sure they will consider you the greatest and
grandest of all living creatures."

"Yes," he replied, "I shall probably astonish
strangers, because they have never before had the
pleasure of seeing me. Also they will marvel at my
great learning. Every time I open my mouth, Cayke, I am
liable to say something important.

"That is true," she agreed, "and it is fortunate your
mouth is so very wide and opens so far, for otherwise
all the wisdom might not be able to get out of it."

"Perhaps nature made it wide for that very reason,
said the Frogman. "But come; let us now go on, for it
is getting late and we must find some sort of shelter
before night overtakes us."




Chapter Four

Among the Winkies


The settled parts of the Winkie Country are full of
happy and contented people who are ruled by a tin
Emperor named Nick Chopper, who in turn is a subject of
the beautiful girl Ruler, Ozma of Oz. But not all of
the Winkie Country is fully settled. At the east, which
part lies nearest the Emerald City, there are beautiful
farmhouses and roads, but as you travel west you first
come to a branch of the Winkie River, beyond which
there is a rough country where few people live, and
some of these are quite unknown to the rest of the
world. After passing through this rude section of
territory, which no one ever visits, you would come to
still another branch of the Winkie River, after
crossing which you would find another well settled part
of the Winkie Country, extending westward quite to the
Deadly Desert that surrounds all the Land of Oz and
separates that favored fairyland from the more common
outside world. The Winkies who live in this west
section have many tin mines, from which metal they make
a great deal of rich jewelry and other articles, all of
which are highly esteemed in the Land of Oz because tin
is so bright and pretty, and there is not so much of it
as there is of gold and silver.

Not all the Winkies are miners, however, for some
till the fields and grow grains for food, and it was at
one of these far west Winkie farms that the Frogman and
Cayke the Cookie Cook first arrived after they had
descended from the mountain of the Yips.

"Goodness me!" cried Nellary, the Winkie wife, when
she saw the strange couple approaching her house. "I
have seen many queer creatures in the Land of Oz, but
none more queer than this giant frog, who dresses like
a man and walks on his hind legs. Come here, Wiljon,"
she called to her husband, who was eating his
breakfast, "and take a look at this astonishing freak."

Wiljon the Winkie came to the door and looked out. He
was still standing in the doorway when the Frogman
approached and said with a haughty croak:

"Tell me, my good man, have you seen a diamond-
studded gold dishpan?"

"No; nor have I seen a copper-plated lobster,"
replied Wiljon, in an equally haughty tone.

The Frogman stared at him and said:

"Do not be insolent, fellow!"

"No," added Cayke the Cookie Cook, hastily, "you must
be very polite to the great Frogman, for he is the
wisest creature in all the world."

"Who says that?" inquired Wiljon.

"He says so himself," replied Cayke, and the Frogman
nodded and strutted up and down, twirling his gold-
headed cane very gracefully.

"Does the Scarecrow admit that this overgrown frog is
the wisest creature in the world?" asked Wiljon.

"I do not know who the Scarecrow is," answered Cayke
the Cookie Cook.

"Well, he lives at the Emerald City, and he is
supposed to have the finest brains in all Oz. The
Wizard gave them to him, you know."

"Mine grew in my head," said the Frogman pompously,
"so I think they must be better than any wizard brains.
I am so wise that sometimes my wisdom makes my head
ache. I know so much that often I have to forget part
of it, since no one creature, however great, is able to
contain so much knowledge."

"It must be dreadful to be stuffed full of wisdom,"
remarked Wiljon reflectively, and eyeing the Frogman
with a doubtful look. "It is my good fortune to know
very little."

"I hope, however, you know where my jeweled dishpan
is," said the Cookie Cook anxiously.

"I do not know even that," returned the Winkie. "We
have trouble enough in keeping track of our own
dishpans, without meddling with the dishpans of
strangers."

Finding him so ignorant, the Frogman proposed that
they walk on and seek Cayke's dishpan elsewhere.
Wiljon the Winkie did not seem greatly impressed by the
great Frogman, which seemed to that personage as
strange as it was disappointing; but others in this
unknown land might prove more respectful.

"I'd like to meet that Wizard of Oz," remarked Cayke,
as they walked along a path. "If he could give a
Scarecrow brains he might be able to find my dishpan."

"Poof!" grunted the Frogman scornfully; "I am greater
than any wizard. Depend on me. If your dishpan is
anywhere in the world I am sure to find it."

"If you do not, my heart will be broken," declared
the Cookie Cook in a sorrowful voice.

For a while the Frogman walked on in silence. Then he
asked: "Why do you attach so much importance to a
dishpan?"

"It is the greatest treasure I posess," replied the
woman. "It belonged to my mother and to all my
grandmothers, since the beginning of time. It is, I
believe, the very oldest thing in all the Yip Country
-- or was while it was there -- and," she added,
dropping her voice to an awed whisper, "it has magic
powers!"

"In what way?" inquired the Frogman, seeming to be
surprised at this statement.

"Whoever has owned that dishpan has been a good cook,
for one thing. No one else is able to make such good
cookies as I have cooked, as you and all the Yips know.
Yet, the very morning after my dishpan was stolen. I
tried to make a batch of cookies and they burned up in
the oven! I made another batch that proved too tough to
eat, and I was so ashamed of them that I buried them in
the ground. Even the third batch of cookies, which I
brought with me in my basket, were pretty poor stuff
and no better than any woman could make who does not
own my diamond-studded gold dishpan. In fact, my good
Frogman, Cayke the Cookie Cook will never be able to
cook good cookies again until her magic dishpan is
restored to her."

"In that case," said the Frogman with a sigh, "I
suppose we must manage to find it."




Chapter Five

Ozma's Friends Are Perplexed


"Really,"  said Dorothy, looking solemn,  this is very
s'prising. We can't find even a shadow of Ozma anywhere
in the Em'rald City; and, wherever she's gone, she's
taken her Magic Picture with her."

She was standing in the courtyard of the palace with
Betsy and Trot, while Scraps, the Patchwork Girl,
Danced around the group, her hair flying in the wind.

"P'raps," said Scraps, still dancing, "someone has
stolen Ozma."

"Oh, they'd never dare do that!" exclaimed tiny Trot.

"And stolen the Magic Picture, too, so the thing
can't tell where she is," added the Patchwork Girl.

"That's nonsense," said Dorothy. "Why, ev'ryone loves
Ozma. There isn't a person in the Land of Oz who would
steal a single thing she owns."

"Huh!" replied the Patchwork Girl. "You don't know
ev'ry person in the Land of Oz."

"Why don't I?"

"It's a big country," said Scraps. "There are cracks
and corners in it that even Ozma doesn't know of."

"The Patchwork Girl's just daffy," declared Betsy.

"No; she's right about that," replied Dorothy
thoughtfully. "There are lots of queer people in this
fairyland who never come near Ozma or the Em'rald City.
I've seen some of 'em myself, girls; but I haven't seen
all, of course, and there might be some wicked persons
left in Oz, yet, though I think the wicked witches have
all been destroyed."

Just then the Wooden Sawhorse dashed into the
courtyard with the Wizard of Oz on his back.

"Have you found Ozma?" cried the Wizard when the
Sawhorse stopped beside them.

"Not yet," said Dorothy. "Doesn't Glinda know where
she is?"

"No. Glinda's Book of Records and all her magic
instruments are gone. Someone must have stolen them."

"Goodness me!" exclaimed Dorothy, in alarm. "This is
the biggest steal I ever heard of. Who do you think did
it, Wizard?"

"I've no idea," he answered. "But I have come to get
my own bag of magic tools and carry them to Glinda. She
is so much more powerful than I that she may be able to
discover the truth by means of my magic, quicker and
better than I could myself."

"Hurry, then," said Dorothy, "for we're all getting
terr'bly worried."

The Wizard rushed away to his rooms but presently
came back with a long, sad face.

"It's gone!" he said.

"What's gone?" asked Scraps.

"My black bag of magic tools. Someone must have
stolen it!"

They looked at one another in amazement.

"This thing is getting desperate," continued the
Wizard. "All the magic that belongs to Ozma, or to
Glinda, or to me, has been stolen."

"Do you suppose Ozma could have taken them, herself,
for some purpose?" asked Betsy.

"No, indeed," declared the Wizard. "I suspect some
enemy has stolen Ozma and, for fear we would follow and
recapture her, has taken all our magic away from us."

"How dreadful!" cried Dorothy. "The idea of anyone
wanting to injure our dear Ozma! Can't we do anything
to find her, Wizard?"

"I'll ask Glinda. I must go straight back to her and
tell her that my magic tools have also disappeared. The
good Sorceress will be greatly shocked, I know."

With this he jumped upon the back of the Sawhorse
again and the quaint steed, which never tired, dashed
away at fall speed.

The three girls were very much disturbed in mind.
Even the Patchwork Girl was more quiet than usual and
seemed to realize that a great calamity had overtaken
them all. Ozma was a fairy of considerable power and
all the creatures in Oz, as well as the three mortal
girls from the outside world, looked upon her as their
protector and friend. The idea of their beautiful girl
Ruler's being overpowered by an enemy and dragged from
her splendid palace a captive was too astonishing for
them to comprehend, at first. Yet what other
explanation of the mystery could there be?

"Ozma wouldn't go away willingly, without letting us
know about it," asserted Dorothy; "and she wouldn't
steal Glinda's Great Book of Records, or the Wizard's
magic, 'cause she could get them any time, just asking
for 'em. I'm sure some wicked person has done all
this."

"Someone in the Land of Oz?" asked Trot.

"Of course. No one could get across the Deadly
Desert, you know, and no one but an Oz person could
know about the Magic Picture and the Book of Records
and the Wizard's magic, or where they were kept, and so
be able to steal the whole outfit before we could stop
'em. It must be someone who lives in the Land of Oz."

"But who-who-who?" asked Scraps. "That's the
question. Who?"

"If we knew," replied Dorothy, severely, "we wouldn't
be standing here, doing nothing."

Just then two boys entered the courtyard and
approached the group of girls. One boy was dressed in
the fantastic Munchkin costume -- a blue jacket and
knickerbockers, blue leather shoes and a blue hat with
a high peak and tiny silver bells dangling from its rim
-- and this was Ojo the Lucky, who had once come from
the Munchkin Country of Oz and now lived in the Emerald
City. The other boy was an American, from Philadelphia,
and had lately found his way to Oz in the company of
Trot and Cap'n Bill. His name was Button-Bright; that
is, everyone called him by that name, and knew no
other.

Button-Bright was not quite as big as the Munchkin
boy, but he wore the same kind of clothes, only they
were of different colors. As the two came up to the
girls, arm in arm, Button-Bright remarked:

"Hello, Dorothy. They say Ozma is lost."

"Who says so?" she asked.

"Ev'rybody's talking about it, in the City," he
replied.

"I wonder how the people found it out?" Dorothy
asked.

"I know," said Ojo. "Jellia Jamb told them. She has
been asking everywhere if anyone has seen Ozma."

"That's too bad," observed Dorothy, frowning.

"Why?" asked Button-Bright.

"There wasn't any use making all our people unhappy,
till we were dead certain that Ozma can't be found."

"Pshaw," said Button-Bright, "It's nothing to get
lost. I've been lost lots of times."

"That's true," admitted Trot, who knew that the boy
had a habit of getting lost and then finding himself
again; "but it's diff'rent with Ozma. She's the Ruler
of all this big fairyland and we're 'fraid that the
reason she's lost is because somebody has stolen her
away."

"Only wicked people steal," said Ojo. "Do you know of
any wicked people in Oz, Dorothy?"

"No," she replied.

"They're here, though," cried Scraps, dancing up to
them and then circling around the group. Ozma's stolen;
someone in Oz stole her; only wicked people steal; so
someone in Oz is wicked!"

There was no denying the truth of this statement. The
faces of all of them were now solemn and sorrowful.

"One thing is sure," said Button-Bright, after a
time, "if Ozma has been stolen, someone ought to find
her and punish the thief."

"There may be a lot of thieves," suggested Trot
gravely, "and in this fairy country they don t seem to
have any soldiers or policemen."

"There is one soldier," claimed Dorothy. "He has
green whiskers and a gun and is a Major-General; but no
one is afraid of either his gun or his whiskers, 'cause
he's so tender-hearted that he wouldn't hurt a fly."

"Well, a soldier's a soldier," said Betsy, "and
perhaps he'd hurt a wicked thief if he wouldn't hurt a
fly. Where is he?"

"He went fishing about two months ago and hasn't come
back yet," explained Button-Bright.

"Then I can't see that he will be of much use to us
in this trouble," sighed little Trot. "But p'raps Ozma,
who is a fairy, can get away from the thieves without
any help from anybody."

"She might be able to," admitted Dorothy,
reflectively, "but if she had the power to do that, it
isn't likely she'd have let herself be stolen. So the
thieves must have been even more powerful in magic than
our Ozma."

There was no denying this argument and, although they
talked the matter over all the rest of that day, they
were unable to decide how Ozma had been stolen against
her will or who had committed the dreadful deed.

Toward evening the Wizard came back, riding slowly
upon the Sawhorse because he felt discouraged and
perplexed. Glinda came, later, in her aerial chariot
drawn by twenty milk-white swans, and she also seemed
worried and unhappy. More of Ozma's friends joined them
and that evening they all had a long talk together.

"I think," said Dorothy, "we ought to start out right
away in search of our dear Ozma. It seems cruel for us
to live comf'tably in her Palace while she is a
pris'ner in the power of some wicked enemy."

"Yes," agreed Glinda the Sorceress, "someone ought to
search for her. I cannot go myself, because I must work
hard in order to create some new instruments of sorcery
by means of which I may rescue our fair Ruler. But if
you can find her, in the meantime, and let me know who
has stolen her, it will enable me to rescue her much
more quickly."

"Then we'll start to-morrow morning," decided
Dorothy. "Betsy and Trot and I won't waste another
minute."

"I'm not sure you girls will make good detectives,"
remarked the Wizard; "but I'll go with you, to protect
you from harm and to give you my advice. All my
wizardry, alas, is stolen, so I am now really no more a
wizard than any of you; but I will try to protect you
if any enemies you may meet."

"What harm could happen to us in Oz?" inquired Trot.

"What harm happened to Ozma?" returned the Wizard.
"If there is an Evil Power abroad in our fairyland;
which is able to steal not only Ozma and her Magic
Picture, but Glinda's Book of Records and all her
magic, and my black bag containing all my tricks of
wizardry, then that Evil Power may yet cause us
considerable injury. Ozma is a fairy, and so is Glinda,
so no power can kill or destroy them; but you girls are
all mortals, and so are Button-Bright and I, so we must
watch out for ourselves."

"Nothing can kill me," said Ojo, the Munchkin boy.

"That is true," replied the Sorceress, "and I think
it may be well to divide the searchers into several
parties, that they may cover all the land of Oz more
quickly. So I will send Ojo and Unc Nunkie and Dr. Pipt
into the Munchkin Country, which they are well
acquainted with; and I will send the Scarecrow and the
Tin Woodman into the Quadling Country, for they are
fearless and brave and never tire; and to the Gillikin
Country, where many dangers lurk, I will send the
Shaggy Man and his brother, with Tik-Tok and Jack
Pumpkinhead. Dorothy may make up her own party and
travel into the Winkie Country. All of you must
inquire everywhere for Ozma and try to discover where
she is hidden."

They thought this a very wise plan and adopted it
without question. In Ozma's absence Glinda the Good was
the most important person in Oz and all were glad to
serve under her direction.




Chapter Six

The Search Party


Next morning, as soon as the sun was up, Glinda flew
back to her castle, stopping on the way to instruct the
Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman, who were at that time
staying at the college of Professor H. M. Wogglebug, T.
E., and taking a course of his Patent Educational
Pills. On hearing of Ozma's loss they started at once
for the Quadling Country to search for her.

As soon as Glinda had left the Emerald City, Tik-Tok
and the Shaggy Man and Jack Pumpkinhead, who had been
present at the conference, began their journey into the
Gillikin Country, and an hour later Ojo and Unc Nunkie
joined Dr. Pipt and together they traveled toward the
Munchkin Country. When all these searchers were gone,
Dorothy and the Wizard completed their own
preparations.

The Wizard hitched the Sawhorse to the Red Wagon,
which would seat four very comfortably. He wanted
Dorothy, Betsy, Trot and the Patchwork Girl to ride in
the wagon, but Scraps came up to them mounted upon the
Woozy, and the Woozy said he would like to join the
party. Now this Woozy was a most peculiar animal,
having a square head, square body, square legs and
square tail. His skin was very tough and hard,
resembling leather, and while his movements were
somewhat clumsy the beast could travel with remarkable
swiftness. His square eyes were mild and gentle in
expression and he was not especially foolish. The Woozy
and the Patchwork Girl were great friends and so the
Wizard agreed to let the Woozy go with them.

Another great beast now appeared and asked to go
along. This was none other than the famous Cowardly
Lion, one of the most interesting creatures in all Oz.
No lion that roamed the jungles or plains could compare
in size or intelligence with this Cowardly Lion, who --
like all animals living in Oz -- could talk, and who
talked with more shrewdness and wisdom than many of the
people did. He said he was cowardly because he always
trembled when he faced danger, but he had faced danger
many times and never refused to fight when it was
necessary. This Lion was a great favorite with Ozma and
always guarded her throne on state occasions. He was
also an old companion and friend of the Princess
Dorothy, so the girl was delighted to have him join the
party.

"I'm so nervous over our dear Ozma," said the
Cowardly Lion in his deep, rumbling voice, "that it
would make me unhappy to remain behind while you are
trying to find her. But do not get into any danger, I
beg of you, for danger frightens me terribly."

"We'll not get into danger if we can poss'bly help
it," promised Dorothy; "but we shall do anything to
find Ozma, danger or no danger."

The addition of the Woozy and the Cowardly Lion to
the party gave Betsy Bobbin an idea and she ran to the
marble stables at the rear of the palace and brought
out her mule, Hank by name. Perhaps no mule you ever
saw was so lean and bony and altogether plain looking
as this Hank, but Betsy loved him dearly because he was
faithful and steady and not nearly so stupid as most
mules are considered to be. Betsy had a saddle for Hank
and declared she would ride on his back, an arrangement
approved by the Wizard because it left only four of the
party to ride on the seats of the Red Wagon -- Dorothy and
Button-Bright and Trot and himself.

An old sailor-man, who had one wooden leg, came to
see them off and suggested that they put a supply of
food and blankets in the Red Wagon, in as much as they
were uncertain how long they would be gone. This
sailor-man was called Cap'n Bill. He was a former
friend and comrade of Trot and had encountered many
adventures in company with the little girl. I think he
was sorry he could not go with her on this trip, but
Glinda the Sorceress had asked Cap'n Bill to remain in
the Emerald City and take charge of the royal palace
while everyone else was away, and the one-legged sailor
had agreed to do so.

They loaded the back end of the Red Wagon with
everything they thought they might need, and then they
formed a procession and marched from the palace through
the Emerald City to the great gates of the wall that
surrounded this beautiful capital of the Land of Oz.
Crowds of citizens lined the streets to see them pass
and to cheer them and wish them success, for all were
grieved over Ozma's loss and anxious that she be found
again.

First came the Cowardly Lion; then the Patchwork Girl
riding upon the Woozy; then Betsy Bobbin on her mule
Hank; and finally the Sawhorse drawing the Red Wagon,
in which were seated the Wizard and Dorothy and Button-
Bright and Trot. No one was obliged to drive the
Sawhorse, so there were no reins to his harness; one
had only to tell him which way to go, fast or slow, and
he understood perfectly.

It was about this time that a shaggy little black dog
who had been lying asleep in Dorothy's room in the
palace woke up and discovered he was lonesome.
Everything seemed very still throughout the great
building and Toto -- that was the little dog's name --
missed the customary chatter of the three girls. He
never paid much attention to what was going on around
him and, although he could speak, he seldom said
anything; so the little dog didn't know about Ozma's
loss or that everyone had gone in search of her. But he
liked to be with people, and especially with his own
mistress, Dorothy, and having yawned and stretched
himself and found the door of the room ajar he trotted
out into the corridor and went down the stately marble
stairs to the hall of the palace, where he met Jellia
Jamb.

"Where's Dorothy?" asked Toto.

"She's gone to the Winkie Country," answered the
maid.

"When?"

"A little while ago," replied Jellia.

Toto turned and trotted out into the palace garden
and down the long driveway until he came to the streets
of the Emerald City. Here he paused to listen and,
hearing sounds of cheering, he ran swiftly along until
he came in sight of the Red Wagon and the Woozy and the
Lion and the Mule and all the others. Being a wise
little dog, he decided not to show himself to Dorothy
just then, lest he be sent back home; but he never lost
sight of the party of travelers, all of whom were so
eager to get ahead that they never thought to look
behind them.

When they came to the gates in the city wall the
Guardian of the Gates came out to throw wide the golden
portals and let them pass through.

"Did any strange person come in or out of the city on
the night before last, when Ozma was stolen?" asked
Dorothy.

"No, indeed, Princess," answered the Guardian of the
Gates.

"Of course not," said the Wizard. "Anyone clever
enough to steal all the things we have lost would not
mind the barrier of a wall like this, in the least. I
think the thief must have flown through the air, for
otherwise he could not have stolen from Ozma's royal
palace and Glinda's far-away castle in the same night.
Moreover, as there are no airships in Oz and no way for
airships from the outside world to get into this
country, I believe the thief must have flown from place
to place by means of magic arts which neither Glinda
nor I understand."

On they went, and before the gates closed behind them
Toto managed to dodge through them. The country
surrounding the Emerald City was thickly settled and
for a while our friends rode over nicely paved roads
which wound through a fertile country dotted with
beautiful houses, all built in the quaint Oz fashion.
In the course of a few hours, however, they had left
the tilled fields and entered the Country of the
Winkies, which occupies a quarter of all the territory
in the Land of Oz but is not so well known as many
other parts of Ozma's fairyland. Long before night the
travelers had crossed the Winkie River near to the
Scarecrow's Tower (which was now vacant) and had
entered the Rolling Prairie where few people live. They
asked everyone they met for news of Ozma, but none in
this district had seen her or even knew that she had
been stolen. And by nightfall they had passed all the
farmhouses and were obliged to stop and ask for shelter
at the hut of a lonely shepherd. When they halted, Toto
was not far behind. The little dog halted, too, and
stealing softly around the party he hid himself behind
the hut.

The shepherd was a kindly old man and treated the
travelers with much courtesy. He slept out of doors,
that night, giving up his hut to the three girls, who
made their beds on the floor with the blankets they had
brought in the Red Wagon. The Wizard and Button-Bright
also slept out of doors, and so did the Cowardly Lion
and Hank the Mule. But Scraps and the Sawhorse did not
sleep at all and the Woozy could stay awake for a month
at a time, if he wished to, so these three sat in a
little group by themselves and talked together all
through the night.

In the darkness the Cowardly Lion felt a shaggy
little form nestling beside his own, and he said
sleepily:

"Where did you come from, Toto?"

"From home," said the dog. "If you roll over, roll
the other way, so you won't smash me."

"Does Dorothy know you are here?" asked the Lion.

"I believe not," admitted Toto, and he added, a
little anxiously: "Do you think, friend Lion, we are
now far enough from the Emerald City for me to risk
showing myself? Or will Dorothy send me back because I
wasn't invited?"

"Only Dorothy can answer that question," said the
Lion. "For my part, Toto, I consider this affair none
of my business, so you must act as you think best."

Then the huge beast went to sleep again and Toto
snuggled closer to his warm, hairy body and also slept.
He was a wise little dog, in his way, and didn't intend
to worry when there was something much better to do.

In the morning the Wizard built a fire, over which
the girls cooked a very good breakfast.

Suddenly Dorothy discovered Toto sitting quietly
before the fire and the little girl exclaimed:

"Goodness me, Toto! Where did you come from?"

"From the place you cruelly left me," replied
the dog in a reproachful tone.

"I forgot all about you," admitted Dorothy, "and if I
hadn't I'd prob'ly left you with Jellia Jamb, seeing
this isn't a pleasure trip but stric'ly business. But,
now that you're here, Toto, I s'pose you'll have to
stay with us, unless you'd rather go back home again.
We may get ourselves into trouble, before we're done,
Toto."

"Never mind that," said Toto, wagging his tail. "I'm
hungry, Dorothy."

"Breakfas'll soon be ready and then you shall have
your share," promised his little mistress, who was
really glad to have her dog with her. She and Toto had
traveled together before, and she knew he was a good
and faithful comrade.

When the food was cooked and served the girls invited
the old shepherd to join them in their morning meal. He
willingly consented and while they ate he said to them:

"You are now about to pass through a very dangerous
country, unless you turn to the north or to the south
to escape its perils."

"In that case," said the Cowardly Lion, "let us
turn, by all means, for I dread to face dangers of
any sort."

"What's the matter with the country ahead of us?"
inquired Dorothy.

"Beyond this Rolling Prairie," explained the
shepherd, "are the Merry-Go-Round Mountains, set close
together and surrounded by deep gulfs, so that no one
is able to get past them. Beyond the Merry-Go-Round
Mountains it is said the Thistle-Eaters and the Herkus
live."

"What are they like?" demanded Dorothy.

"No one knows, for no one has ever passed the Merry-
Go-Round Mountains," was the reply; "but it is said
that the Thistle-Eaters hitch dragons to their chariots
and that the Herkus are waited upon by giants whom they
have conquered and made their slaves."

"Who says all that?" asked Betsy.

"It is common report," declared the shepherd.
"Everyone believes it."

"I don't see how they know," remarked little Trot,
"if no one has been there."

"Perhaps the birds who fly over that country brought
the news," suggested Betsy.

"If you escaped those dangers," continued the
shepherd, "you might encounter others still more
serious, before you came to the next branch of the
Winkie River. It is true that beyond that river there
lies a fine country, inhabited by good people, and if
you reached there you would have no further trouble. It
is between here and the west branch of the Winkie River
that all dangers lie, for that is the unknown territory
that is inhabited by terrible, lawless people."

"It may be, and it may not be," said the Wizard. "We
shall know when we get there."

"Well," persisted the shepherd, "in a fairy country
such as ours every undiscovered place is likely to
harbor wicked creatures. If they were not wicked, they
would discover themselves, and by coming among us
submit to Ozma's rule and be good and considerate, as
are all the Oz people whom we know."

"That argument," stated the little Wizard, "convinces
me that it is our duty to go straight to those unknown
places, however dangerous they may be; for it is surely
some cruel and wicked person who has stolen our Ozma,
and we know it would be folly to search among good
people for the culprit. Ozma may not be hidden in the
secret places of the Winkie Country, it is true, but it
is our duty to travel to every spot, however dangerous,
where our beloved Ruler is likely to be imprisoned."

"You're right about that," said Button-Bright
approvingly. "Dangers don't hurt us; only things that
happen ever hurt anyone, and a danger is a thing that
might happen, and might not happen, and sometimes don't
amount to shucks. I vote we go ahead and take our
chances."

They were all of he same opinion, so they packed up
and said good-bye to the friendly shepherd and
proceeded on their way.




Chapter Seven

The Merry-Go-Round Mountains


The Rolling Prairie was not difficult to travel over,
although it was all up-hill and down-hill, so for a
while they made good progress. Not even a shepherd was
to be met with now and the farther they advanced the
more dreary the landscape became. At noon they stopped
for a "picnic luncheon," as Betsy called it, and then
they again resumed their journey. All the animals were
swift and tireless and even the Cowardly Lion and the
Mule found they could keep up with the pace of the
Woozy and the Sawhorse.

It was the middle of the afternoon when first they
came in sight of a cluster of low mountains. These were
cone-shaped, rising from broad bases to sharp peaks at
the tops. From a distance the mountains appeared
indistinct and seemed rather small-more like hills than
mountains -- but as the travelers drew nearer they
noted a most unusual circumstance: the hills were all
whirling around, some in one direction and some the
opposite way.

"I guess those are the Merry-Go-Round Mountains, all
right," said Dorothy.

"They must be," said the Wizard.

"They go 'round, sure enough," added Trot, "but they
don't seem very merry."

There were several rows of these mountains, extending
both to the right and to the left, for miles and miles.
How many rows there might be, none could tell, but
between the first row of peaks could be seen other
peaks, all steadily whirling around one way or another.
Continuing to ride nearer, our friends watched these
hills attentively, until at last, coming close up, they
discovered there was a deep but narrow gulf around the
edge of each mountain, and that the mountains were set
so close together that the outer gulf was continuous
and barred farther advance.

At the edge of the gulf they all dismounted and
peered over into its depths. There was no telling where
the bottom was, if indeed there was any bottom at all.
From where they stood it seemed as if the mountains had
been set in one great hole in the ground, just close
enough together so they would not touch, and that each
mountain was supported by a rocky column beneath its
base which extended far down into the black pit below.
From the land side it seemed impossible to get across
the gulf or, succeeding in that, to gain a foothold on
any of the whirling mountains.

"This ditch is too wide to jump across," remarked
Button-Bright.

"P'raps the Lion could do it," suggested Dorothy.

"What, jump from here to that whirling hill?" cried
the Lion indignantly. "I should say not! Even if I
landed there, and could hold on, what good would it do?
There's another spinning mountain beyond it, and
perhaps still another beyond that. I don't believe any
living creature could jump from one mountain to
another, when both are whirling like tops and in
different directions."

"I propose we turn back," said the Wooden Sawhorse,
with a yawn of his chopped-out mouth, as he stared with
his knot eyes at the Merry-Go-Round Mountains.

"I agree with you," said the Woozy, wagging his
square head.

"We should have taken the shepherd's advice," added
Hank the Mule.

The others of the party, however they might be
puzzled by the serious problem that confronted them,
would not allow themselves to despair.

"If we once get over these mountains," said Button-
Bright, "we could probably get along all right."

"True enough," agreed Dorothy. "So we must find some
way, of course, to get past these whirligig hills. But
how?"

"I wish the Ork was with us," sighed Trot.

"But the Ork isn't here," said the Wizard, "and we
must depend upon ourselves to conquer this difficulty.
Unfortunately, all my magic has been stolen; otherwise
I am sure I could easily get over the mountains."

"Unfortunately," observed the Woozy, "none of us has
wings. And we're in a magic country without any magic."

"What is that around your waist, Dorothy?" asked the
Wizard.

"That? Oh, that's just the Magic Belt I once captured
from the Nome King," she replied.

"A Magic Belt! Why, that's fine. I'm sure a Magic
Belt would take you over these hills."

"It might, if I knew how to work it," said the little
girl. "Ozma knows a lot of its magic, but I've never
found out about it. All I know is that while I am
wearing it nothing can hurt me."

"Try wishing yourself across, and see if it will obey
you," suggested the Wizard.

"But what good would that do?" asked Dorothy. "If I
got across it wouldn't help the rest of you, and I
couldn't go alone among all those giants and dragons,
while you stayed here."

"True enough," agreed the Wizard, sadly; and then,
after looking around the group, he inquired: "What is
that on your finger, Trot?"

"A ring. The Mermaids gave it to me," she explained,
"and if ever I'm in trouble when I'm on the water I can
call the Mermaids and they'll come and help me. But the
Mermaids can't help me on the land, you know, 'cause
they swim, and-and-they haven't any legs."

"True enough," repeated the Wizard, more sadly.

There was a big, broad spreading tree near the edge
of the gulf and as the sun was hot above them they all
gathered under the shade of the tree to study the
problem of what to do next.

"If we had a long rope," said Betsy, "we could fasten
it to this tree and let the other end of it down into
the gulf and all slide down it."

"Well, what then?" asked the Wizard.

"Then, if we could manage to throw the rope up the
other side," explained the girl, "we could all climb it
and be on the other side of the gulf."

"There are too many 'if's' in that suggestion,"
remarked the little Wizard. "And you must remember that
the other side is nothing but spinning mountains, so we
couldn't possibly fasten a rope to them -- even if we
had one."

"That rope idea isn't half bad, though," said the
Patchwork Girl, who had been dancing dangerously near
to the edge of the gulf.

"What do you mean?" asked Dorothy.

The Patchwork Girl suddenly stood still and cast her
button eyes around the group.

"Ha, I have it!" she exclaimed. "Unharness the
Sawhorse, somebody; my fingers are too clumsy."

"Shall we?" asked Button-Bright doubtfully, turning
to the others.

"Well, Scraps has a lot of brains, even if she is
stuffed with cotton," asserted the Wizard. "If her
brains can help us out of this trouble we ought
to use them."

So he began unharnessing the Sawhorse, and Button-
Bright and Dorothy helped him. When they had removed
the harness the Patchwork Girl told them to take it all
apart and buckle the straps together, end to end. And,
after they had done this, they found they had one very
long strap that was stronger than any rope.

"It would reach across the gulf, easily," said the
Lion, who with the other animals had sat on his
haunches and watched this proceeding. "But I don't see
how it could be fastened to one of those dizzy
mountains."

Scraps had no such notion as that in her baggy head.
She told them to fasten one end of the strap to a stout
limb of the tree, pointing to one which extended quite
to the edge of the gulf. Button-Bright did that,
climbing the tree and then crawling out upon the limb
until he was nearly over the gulf. There he managed to
fasten the strap, which reached to the ground below,
and then he slid down it and was caught by the Wizard,
who feared he might fall into the chasm.

Scraps was delighted She seized the lower end of the
strap and telling them all to get out of her way she
went back as far as the strap would reach and then made
a sudden run toward the gulf. Over the edge she swung,
clinging to the strap until it had gone as far as its
length permitted, when she let go and sailed gracefully
through the air until she alighted upon the mountain
just in front of them.

Almost instantly, as the great cone continued to
whirl, she was sent flying against the next mountain in
the rear, and that one had only turned halfway around
when Scraps was sent flying to the next mountain behind
it. Then her patchwork form disappeared from view
entirely and the amazed watchers under the tree
wondered what had become of her.

"She's gone, and she can't get back," said the Woozy.

"My, how she bounded from one mountain to another!"
exclaimed the Lion.

"That was because they whirl so fast," the Wizard
explained. "Scraps had nothing to hold on to and so of
course she was tossed from one hill to another. I'm
afraid we shall never see the poor Patchwork Girl
again."

"I shall see her," declared the Woozy. "Scraps is an
old friend of mine and, if there are really Thistle-
Eaters and Giants on the other side of those tops, she
will need someone to protect her. So, here I go!"

He seized the dangling strap firmly in his square
mouth and in the same way that Scraps had done swung
himself over the gulf. He let go the strap at the right
moment and fell upon the first whirling mountain. Then
he bounded to the next one back of it -- not on his
feet but "all mixed up," as Trot said -- and then he
shot across to another mountain, disappearing from view
just as the Patchwork Girl had done.

"It seems to work, all right," remarked Button-
Bright. "I guess I'll try it."

"Wait a minute," urged the Wizard. "Before any more
of us make this desperate leap into the beyond, we must
decide whether all will go, or if some of us will
remain behind."

"Do you s'pose it hurt them much, to bump against
those mountains?" asked Trot.

"I don't s'pose anything could hurt Scraps or the
Woozy," said Dorothy, "and nothing can hurt me, because
I wear the Magic Belt. So, as I'm anxious to find Ozma,
I mean to swing myself across, too."

"I'll take my chances," decided Button-Bright.

"I'm sure it will hurt dreadfully, and I'm afraid to
do it," said the Lion, who was already trembling; "but
I shall do it if Dorothy does."

"Well, that will leave Betsy and the Mule and Trot,"
said the Wizard; "for of course, I shall go, that I may
look after Dorothy. Do you two girls think you can find
your way back home again?" he asked, addressing Trot
and Betsy.

"I'm not afraid; not much, that is," said Trot. "It
looks risky, I know, but I'm sure I can stand it if the
others can."

"If it wasn't for leaving Hank," began Betsy, in a
hesitating voice; but the Mule interrupted her by
saying:

"Co ahead, if you want to, and I'll come after you. A
mule is as brave as a lion, any day."

"Braver," said the Lion, "for I'm a coward, friend
Hank, and you are not. But of course the Sawhorse --"

"Oh, nothing ever hurts me," asserted the Sawhorse
calmly. "There's never been any question about my
going. I can't take the Red Wagon, though."

"No, we must leave the wagon," said the Wizard; "and
also we must leave our food and blankets, I fear. But
if we can defy these Merry-Go-Round Mountains to stop
us we won't mind the sacrifice of some of our





TOM SWIFT AND HIS AIR GLIDER
or
Seeking the Platinum Treasure

By
VICTOR APPLETON



CONTENTS
I     A Breakdown
II    A Daring Project
III   The Hand of the Czar
IV    The Search
V     A Clew from Russia
VI    Rescuing Mr. Petrofsky
VII   The Air Glider
VIII  In a Great Gale
IIX   The Spies
X     Off in the Airship
XI    A Storm at Sea
XII   An Accident
XIII  Seeking a Quarrel
XIV   Hurried Flight
XV    Pursued
XVI   The Nihlists
XVII  On to Siberia
XVIII In a Russian Prison
XIX   Lost in a Salt Mine
XX    The Escape
XXI   The Rescue
XXII  In the Hurricane
XXIII The Lost Mine
XXIV  The Leaking Tanks
XXV   Homeward Bound--Conclusion





TOM SWIFT AND HIS AIR GLIDER




CHAPTER I

A BREAKDOWN


"Well, Ned, are you ready?"

"Oh, I suppose so, Tom.  As ready as I ever shall be."

"Why, Ned Newton, you're not getting afraid; are you? And
after you've been on so many trips with me?"

"No, it isn't exactly that, Tom. I'd go in a minute if you
didn't have this new fangled thing on your airship. But how
do you know how it's going to work--or whether it will work
at all? We may come a cropper."

"Bless my insurance policy!" exclaimed a man who was
standing near the two lads who were conversing. "You'd
better keep near the ground, Tom."

"Oh, that's all right, Mr. Damon," answered Tom Swift.
"There isn't any more danger than there ever was, but I
guess Ned is nervous since our trip to the underground city
of gold."

"I am not!" indignantly exclaimed the other lad, with a
look at the young inventor. "But you know yourself, Tom,
that putting this new propeller on your airship, changing
the wing tips, and re-gearing the motor has made an
altogether different sort of a craft of it. You, yourself,
said it wasn't as reliable as before, even though it does go
faster."

"Now look here, Ned!" burst out Tom. "That was last week
that I said it wasn't reliable. It is now, for I've tried it
out several times, and yet, when I ask you to take a trip
with me, to act as ballast--"

"Is that all you want me for, Tom, to act as ballast? Then
you'd better take a bag of sand--or Mr. Damon here!"

"Me? I guess not! Bless my diamond ring! My wife hasn't
forgiven me for going off on that last trip with you, Tom,
and I'm not going to take any more right away. But I don't
blame Ned--"

"Say, look here!" cried Tom, a little out of patience,
"you know me better than that, Ned. Of course your more than
ballast--I want you to help me manage the craft since I made
the changes on her. Now if you don't want to come, why say
so, and I'll get Eradicate. I don't believe he'll be afraid,
even if he--"

"Hold on dar now, Massa Tom!" exclaimed an aged colored
man, who was an all around helper at the Swift homestead,
"was yo' referencin' t' me when yo' spoke?"

"Yes, Rad, I was saying that if Ned wouldn't go up in the
airship with me you would."

"Well, now, Masa Tom, I shorely would laik t' 'blige yo',
I shore would. But de fack ob de mattah am dat I has a mos'
particular job ob white washin' t' do dish mornin', an' I
'spects I'd better be gittin' at it. It's a mos' particiilar
job, an', only fo' dat, I'd be mos' pleased t' go up in de
airship. But as it am, I mus' ax yo' t' 'scuse me, I really
mus'," and the colored man shuffled off at a faster gait
than he was in the habit of using.

"Well, of all things!" gasped Tom. "I believe you're all
afraid of the old airship, just because I wade some changes
in her. I'll go up alone, that's what I will."

"No, I'll go with you," interposed Ned Newton who was
Tom's most particular chum. "I only wanted to be sure it was
all right, that was all."

"Well, if you've fully made up your mind," went on the
young inventor, a little mollified, "lend me a hand to get
her in shape for a run. I expect to make faster time than I
ever did before, and I'm going to head out Waterford way.
You'd better come along, Mr. Damon, and I'll drop you off at
your house."

"Bless my feather bed!" gasped the man. "Drop me off! I
like that, Tom Swift!"

"Oh, I didn't mean it exactly that way," laughed Tom. "But
will you come."

"No, thanks, I'm going home by trolley," and then as the
odd man went in the house to speak to Tom's father, the two
lads busied themselves about the airship.

This was a large aeroplane, one of the largest Tom Swift
had ever constructed, and he was a lad who had invented many
kinds of machinery besides crafts for navigating the upper
regions. It was not as large as his combined aeroplane and
dirigible balloon of which I have told you in other books,
but it was of sufficient size to carry three persons besides
other weight.

Tom had built it some years before, and it had seemed good
enough then. Later he constructed some of different models,
besides the big combination affair, and he had gone on
several trips in that.

He and his chum Ned, together with Eradicate Sampson, the
colored man, and Mr. Damon, had been to a wonderful
underground city of gold in Mexico, and it was soon after
their return from this perilous trip that Tom had begun the
work of changing his old aeroplane into a speedier craft.

This had occupied him most of the Winter, and now that
Spring had come he had a chance to try what a re-built
motor, changed propellers, and different wing tips would do
for the machine.

The time had come for the test and, as we have seen, Tom
had some difficulty in persuading anyone to go along with
him? But Ned finally got over his feeling of nervousness.

"Understand, Tom," spoke Ned, "it isn't because I don't
think you know how to work an aeroplane that I hesitated.
I've been up in the air with you enough times to know that
you're there with the goods, but I don't believe even you
know what this machine is going to do."

"I can pretty nearly tell. I'm sure my theory is right."

"I don't doubt that. But will it work out in practice?"

"She may not make all the speed I hope she will, and I may
not be able to push her high into the air quicker than I
used to before I made the changes," admitted Tom, "but I'm
sure of one thing. She'll fly, and she won't come down until
I'm ready to let her. So you needn't worry about getting
hurt."

"All right--if you say so. Now what do you want me to do,
Tom?"

"Go over the wire guys and stays for the first thing.
There's going to be lots of vibration, with the re-built
motor, and I want everything tight."

"Aye, aye, sir!" answered Ned with a laugh.

Then he set at his task, tightening the small nuts, and
screwing up the turn-buckles, while Tom busied himself over
the motor. There was some small trouble with the carburetor
that needed eliminating before it would feed properly.

"How about the tires?" asked Ned, when he had finished the
wires.

"You might pump them up. There, the motor is all right.
I'm going to try it now, while you attend to the tires."

Ned had pumped up one of the rubber circlets of the small
bicycle wheels on which the aeroplane rested, and was
beginning on the second, when a noise like a battery of
machine guns going off next to his ear startled him so that
he jumped, tripped over a stone and went down, the air pump
thumping him in the back.

"What in the world happened, Tom?" he yelled, for he had
to use all his lung power to be heard above that racket.
"Did it explode?"

"Explode nothing!" shouted Tom. "That's the re-built motor
in action."

"In action! I should say it was in action. Is it always
going to roar like that?"

Indeed the motor was roaring away, spitting fire and burnt
gases from the exhaust pipe, and enveloping the aeroplane in
a whitish haze of choking smoke.

No, I have the muffler cut out, and that's why she barks
so. But she runs easier that way, and I want to get her
smoothed out a bit.

"Whew! That smoke!" gasped his chum. "Why don't you--whew-
-this is more than I can stand," and holding his hands to
his smarting eyes, Ned, gasping and choking, staggered away
to where the air was better.

"It is sort of thick," admitted Tom. "But that's only
because she's getting too much oil. She'll clear in a few
minutes. Stick around and we'll go up."

Despite the choking vapor, the young inventor stuck to his
task of regulating the motor, and in a short while the smoke
became less, while the big propeller blades whirled about
more evenly. Then Tom adjusted the muffler, and most of the
noise stopped.

"Come on back, and finish pumping up the tires," he
shouted to Ned. "I'm going to stop her now, and then I'll
give her the pressure test, and we'll take a trip."

Having cleared his eyes of smoke, Ned came back to his
task, and this having been finished, Tom attached a heavy
spring balance, or scales, to the rope that held the airship
back from moving when her propellers were whirling about.

"How much pressure do you want?" asked Ned.

"I ought to get above twelve hundred With the way the
motor is geared, but I'll go up with ten. Watch the needle
for me."

It may be explained that when aeroplanes are tested on the
earth the propellers are set in motion. This of course would
send a craft whizzing over the ground, eventually to rise in
the air, but for the fact that a rope, attached to the
craft, and to some stationary object, holds it back.

Now if this rope is hooked to a spring balance, which in
turn is made fast to the stationary object, the "thrust" of
the propellers will be registered in pounds on the scale of
the balance. Anywhere from five hundred to nine hundred
pounds of thrust will take a monoplane or biplane up. But
Tom wanted more than this.

Once more the motor coughed and spluttered, and the big
blades whirled about so fast that they seemed like solid
pieces of wood. Tom stood on the ground near the levers
which controlled the speed, and Ned watched the scale.

"How much?" yelled the young inventor.

"Eight hundred."

Tom turned on a little more gasolene.

"How much?" he cried again.

"Ten hundred. That'll do!"

"No, I'm going to try for more.

Again he advanced the spark and gasolene levers, and the
comparatively frail craft vibrated so that it seemed as if
she would fly apart.

"Now?" yelled Tom.

"Eleven hundred and fifty!" cried Ned.

"Good! That'll do it. She'll give more after she's been
running a while. We'll go up."

Ned scrambled to his seat, and Tom followed. He had an
arrangement so that he could slip loose the retaining rope
from his perch whenever he was ready.

Waiting until the motor had run another minute, the young
inventor pulled the rope that released them. Over the
smooth starting ground that formed a part of the Swift
homestead darted the aeroplane. Faster and faster she moved,
Ned gripping the sides of his seat.

"Here we go!" cried Tom, and the next instant they shot up
into the air.

Ned Newton had ridden many times with his chum Tom, and
the sensation of gliding through the upper regions was not
new to him. But this time there was something different. The
propellers seemed to take hold of the air with a firmer
grip. There was more power, and certainly the speed was
terrific.

"We're going fast!" yelled Ned into Tom's ear.

"That's right," agreed the young inventor. "She'll beat
anything but my Sky Racer, and she'd do that if she was the
same size." Tom referred to a very small aeroplane he had
made some time before. It was like some big bird, and very
swift.

Up and onward went the remodeled airship, faster and
faster, until, when several miles had been covered, Ned
realized that the young inventor had achieved another
triumph.

"It's great, Tom! Great!" he yelled.

"Yes, I guess it will do, Ned. I'm satisfied. If there was
an international meet now I'd capture some of the prizes. As
it is--"

Tom stopped suddenly. His voice which had been raised to
overcome the noise of even the muffled motor, sounded
unnaturally loud, and no wonder, for the engine had ceased
working!

"What's the matter?" gasped Ned.

"I don't know--a breakdown of some kind."

"Can you get it going again?"

"I'm going to try."

Tom was manipulating various levers, but with no effect.
The aeroplane was shooting downward with frightful rapidity.

"No use!" exclaimed the young inventor. "Something has
broken."

"But We're falling, Tom!"

"I know it. We've done it before. I'm going to volplane to
earth."

This, it may be explained, is gliding downward from a
height with the engine shut off. Aeroplanists often do it,
and Tom was no novice at the art.

They shot downward with less speed now, for the young
inventor had thrown up his headplanes to act as a sort of
brake. Then, a little later they made a good landing in a
field near a small house, in a rather lonely stretch of
country, about ten miles from Shopton, where Tom lived.

"Now to see what the trouble is," remarked our hero, as he
climbed out of his seat and began looking over the engine.
He poked in among the numerous cogs, wheels and levers, and
finally uttered an exclamation.

"Find it?" asked Ned.

"Yes, it's in the magneto. All the platinum bearings and
contact surfaces have fused and crystallized. I never saw
such poor platinum as I've been getting lately, and I pay
the highest prices for it, too. The trouble is that the
supply of platinum is giving out, and they'll have to find a
substitute I guess."

"Can't we go home in her?" asked Ned.

"I'm afraid not. I've got to put in new platinum bearings
and contacts before she'll spark. I only wish I could get
hold of some of the better kind of metal."

The magneto of an aeroplane performs a service similar to
one in an automobile. It provides the spark that explodes
the charge of gas in the cylinders, and platinum is a metal,
more valuable now than gold, much used in the delicate parts
of the magneto.

"Well, I guess it's walk for ours," said Ned ruefully.

"I'm afraid so," went on Tom. "If I only had some
platinum, I could--"

"Perhaps I could be of service to you," suddenly spoke a
voice behind them, and turning, the youths saw a tall,
bearded man, who had evidently come from the lonely house.
"Did I hear you say you needed some platinum?" he asked. He
spoke with a foreign accent, and Tom at once put him down
for a Russian.

"Yes, I need some for my magneto," began the young
inventor.

"If you will kindly step up to my house, perhaps I can
give you what you want," went on the man. "My name is Ivan
Petrofsky, and I have only lately come to live here."

"I'm Tom Swift, of Shopton, and this is my chum, Ned
Newton," replied the young inventor, completing the
introductions. He was wondering why the man, who seemed a
cultured gentleman, should live in such a lonely place, and
he was wondering too how he happened to have some platinum.

"Will that answer?" asked Mr. Petrofsky, when they had
reached his house, and he had handed Tom several strips of
the precious silverlike metal.

"Do? I should say it would! My, but that is the best
platinum I've seen in a long while!" exclaimed Tom, who was
an expert judge of this metal. "Where did you get it, if I
may ask?"

"It came from a lost mine in Siberia," was the unexpected
answer.

"A lost mine?" gasped Tom.

"In Siberia?" added Ned.

Mr. Petrofsky slowly nodded his head, and smiled, but
rather sadly.

"A lost mine," he said slowly, "and if it could be found I
would be the happiest man on earth for I would then be able
to locate and save my brother, who is one of the Czar's
exiles," and he seemed shaken by emotion.

Tom and Ned stood looking at the bearded man, and then the
young inventor glanced at the platinum strips in his hand
while a strange and daring thought came to him.




CHAPTER II

A DARING PROJECT


While Tom and his chum are in the house of the Russian,
who so strangely produced the platinum just when it was most
needed, I am going to take just a little time to tell you
something about the hero of this story. Those who have read
the previous books of this series need no introduction to
him, but in justice to my new readers I must make a little
explanation.

Tom Swift was an inventor, as was his father before him.
But Mr. Swift was getting too old, now, to do much, though
he had a pet invention--that of a gyroscope--on which he
worked from time to time. Tom lived with his father in the
village of Shopton, in New York state. His mother was dead,
but a housekeeper, named Mrs. Baggert, looked after the
wants of the inventors, young and old.

The first book of the series was called "Tom Swift and His
Motor-Cycle," and in that I related how Tom bought the
machine from a Mr. Wakefield Damon, of Waterford, after the
odd gentleman had unintentionally started to climb a tree
with it. That disgusted Mr. Damon with motor-cycling, and
Tom had lots of fun on the machine, and not a few daring
adventures.

He and Mr. Damon became firm friends, and the oddity of
the gentleman--mainly that of blessing everything he could
think of--was no objection in Tom's mind. The young inventor
and Ned Newton went on many trips together, Mr. Damon being
one of the party.

In Shopton lived Andy Foger, a bullying sort of a chap,
who acted very meanly toward Tom at times. Another resident
of the town was a Mr. Nestor, but Tom was more interested in
his daughter Mary than in the head of the household. Add
Eradicate Sampson, an eccentric colored man who said he got
his name because he "eradicated" dirt, and his mule,
Boomerang, and I think you have met the principal characters
of these stories.

After Tom had much enjoyment out of his motor-cycle, he
got a motor boat, and one of his rivals on Lake Carlopa was
this same Andy Foger, but our hero vanquished him. Then Tom
built an airship, which had been the height of his ambition
for some years. He had a stirring cruise in the Red Cloud,
and then, deserting the air for the water, Tom and his
father built a submarine, in which they went after sunken
treasure. In the book, "Tom Swift and His Electric
Runabout," I told how, in the speediest car on the road, Tom
saved his father's bank from ruin, and in the book dealing
with Tom's wireless message I related how he saved the
Castaways of Earthquake Island.

When Tom went among the diamond makers, at the request of
Mr. Barco Jenks, and discovered the secret of phantom
mountain the lad fancied that might be the end of his
adventures, but there were more to follow. Going to the
caves of ice, his airship was wrecked, but he and his
friends managed to get back home, and then it was that the
young inventor perfected his sky racer, in which he made the
quickest flight on record.

Most startling were his adventures in elephant land
whither he went with his electric rifle, and he was the
means of saving a missionary, Mr. Illingway and his wife,
from the red pygmies.

Tom had not been home from Africa long before he got a
letter from this missionary, telling about an underground
City in Mexico that was said to be filled with gold. Tom
went there, and in the book, entitled, "Tom Swift in the
City of Gold," I related his adventures.

How he and his friends were followed by the Fogers, how
they eluded them, made their way to the ruined temple in a
small dirigible balloon, descended to the secret tunnel,
managed to turn aside the underground river, and reach the
city of gold with its wonderful gold statues--all this is
told in the volume.

Then, after pulling down, in the centre of the underground
city, the big golden statue, the door of rock descended, and
made our friends prisoners. They almost died, but Andy Foger
and his father, in league with some rascally Mexicans and a
tribe of head-hunters, finally made their way to the tunnel,
and most unexpectedly, released Tom and his friends.

There was a fight, but our hero's party escaped with
considerable gold and safely reached Shopton. Now, after a
winter spent in work, fixing over an old aeroplane, we again
meet Tom.

"Would you mind telling me something about where this
platinum comes from, and if you can get any more of it?"
asked Tom, after a pause, following the strange statement
made by the Russian.

"I will gladly tell you the story," spoke Mr. Petrofsky,
"for I am much interested in inventions, and I formerly did
something in that line myself, and I have even made a small
aeroplane, so you see I know the need of platinum in a high
power magneto."

"But where did you get such pure metal?" asked Tom. "I
have never seen it's equal."

"There is none like it in all the world," went on the
Russian, "and perhaps there never can be any more. I have
only a small supply. But in Siberia --in the lost mine--
there is a large quantity of it, as pure as this, needing
only a little refining.

"Can't we get some from there?" asked the young inventor
eagerly. "I should think the Russian government would mine
it, and export it."

"They would--if they could find it," said Ivan Petrofsky
dryly, "but they can't--no one can find it--and I have tried
very hard--so hard, in fact, that it is the reason for my
coming to this country--that and the desire to find and aid
my brother, who is a Siberian exile."

"This is getting interesting," remarked Ned to Tom in a
low voice, and the young inventor nodded.

"My brother Peter, who is younger than I by a few years,
and I, are the last of our family," began Mr. Petrofsky,
motioning Tom and Ned to take chairs. "We lived in St.
Petersburg, and early in life, though we were of the
nobility, we took up the cause of the common people."

"Nihilists?" asked Ned eagerly, for he had read something
of these desperate men.

"No, and not anarchists," said Mr. Petrofsky with a sad
smile. "Our party was opposed to violence, and we depended
on education to aid our cause. Then, too, we did all we
could in a quiet way to help the poor. My brother and I
invented several life-saving and labor-saving machines and
in this way we incurred the enmity of the rich contractors
and government officials, who made more money the more
people they could have working for them, for they made the
people buy their food and supplies from them.

"But my brother, and I persisted, with the result that we
were both arrested, and, with a number of others were sent
to Siberia.

"Of the horrors we endured there I will say nothing.
However, you have probably read much. In the country near
which we were quartered there were many mines, some of salt
and some of sulphur. Oh, the horrors of those mines! Many a
poor exile has been lost in the windings of a salt mine,
there to die miserably. And in the sulphur mines many die
also, not from being lost so much as being overcome by
stifling gases. It is terrible! And sometimes they are
purposely abandoned by their guides, for the government
wants to get rid of certain exiles.

"But you are interested in platinum. One day my brother
and I who had been sent to work in the salt mines, mistook a
turning and wandered on and on for several miles, finally
losing our way. We had food and water with us, or we would
have perished, and, as it was, we nearly died before we
finally found our way out of an abandoned opening.

"We came out in the midst of a terrible snowstorm, and
wandered about almost frozen. At last we were found by a
serf who, in his sled, took us to his poor cottage. There we
were warmed and fed back to life.

"We knew we would be searched for, as naturally, our
absence would lead to the suspicion that we had tried to
escape. So as soon as we were able, we started back to the
town where we were quartered. The serf wanted to take us in
his sled, but we knew he might be suspected of having tried
to aid us to get away, and he might be arrested. So we went
alone.

"As might have been expected, we became lost again, and
wandered about for several days. But we had enough food to
keep us alive. And it was during this wandering that I came
upon the platinum mine. It was down in a valley, in the
midst of a country densely wooded and very desolate. There
was an outcropping of the ore, and rather idly I put some of
it in my pockets. Then we wandered on, and finally after
awful suffering in terrific storms, were found by a
searching party and brought back to the barracks."

"Did they think you had escaped?" asked Tom.

"They did," replied the Russian, "and they punished us
severely for it, in spite of our denials. In time I managed
secretly to smelt the platinum ore, and I found I had some
of the purest metal I had ever seen. I was wishing I could
find the mine, or tell some of my friends about it, when one
of the officers discovered the metal in my bed.

"He demanded to know where I had gotten it, and knowing
that refusal would only make it the worse for me I told him.
There was considerable excitement, for the value of the
discovery was recognized, and a search was at once made for
the mine.

"But, even with the aid we were able to give, it could not
be located. Many expeditions went out to hunt for it but
came back baffled. They could not penetrate that wild
country."

"They should have used an aeroplane," suggested Tom.

"They did," replied the Russian quickly, "but it was of no
use."

"Why not?" the young inventor wanted to know.

"Because of the terrific winds that almost continually
sweep over that part of Siberia. They never seem to cease,
and there are treacherous air currents and 'pockets' that
engulfed more than one luckless aviator. Oh, you may be sure
the Russian government spared no means of finding the lost
platinum mine, but they could not locate it, or even get
near the place where they supposed it to be.

"Then, perhaps thinking that my brother and I were
concealing something, they separated us. Where they sent him
I do not know, but I was doomed to the sulphur mines. I was
heartbroken, and I scarcely cared whether I lived or died.
But an opportunity of escape came, and I took it. I wanted
to save my brother, but I did not know where he was, and I
thought if I could make my way to some civilized country, or
to free America, I might later be able to save my brother.

"I went to England, taking some of my precious platinum
with me, and stayed there for two years. I learned your
language, but my efforts to organize an expedition to search
for the lost mine, and for my brother, failed. Then I came
here, and--well, I am still trying."

"My! That is certainly interesting!" exclaimed Ned, who
had been all attention during the telling of the story.

"And you certainly had a hard time," declared Tom. "I am
much obliged for this platinum. Have you set a price on it?
It is worth much more than the ordinary kind."

"The price is nothing to you," replied the Russian, with a
smile. "I am only too glad to help you fix your aeroplane.
Will it take long? I should like to watch you."

"Come along," invited Tom. "I can soon have it going
again, and I'll give you a ride, if you like."

"No, thank you, I'm hardly up to that yet, though I may be
some day. The machine I made never flew well and I had
several bad falls."

Tom and Ned worked rapidly on the magneto, and soon had
replaced the defective bits of platinum.

"If the Russians had such a machine as this maybe they
could have gotten to that mine," suggested Ned, who was very
proud of Tom's craft.

"It would be useless in the terrific winds, I fear,"
answered Ivan Petrofsky. "But now I care little for the
mine. It is my brother whom I want to save. He must be in
some of the Siberian mines, and if I had such a craft as
this I might be able to rescue him."

Tom Swift dropped the file he was using. A bright light
sparkled in his eyes. He seemed strangely excited.

"Mr. Petrofsky!" he cried, "would you let me have a try at
finding your brother, and would you come with me?"

"Would I?" asked the Russian eagerly. "I would be your
debtor for life, and I would always pray for you, if you
could help me to save my brother Peter."

"Then we'll have a try at it!" cried Tom. "I've got a
different airship than this--one in which I can travel three
thousand miles without coming down. I haven't had any
excitement since I got back from the city of gold. I'm going
to Russia to help you rescue your brother from exile, and
I'm also going to have a try for that lost platinum
treasure!"

"Thank heaven, there is some hope for poor Peter at last,"
murmured Mr. Petrofsky earnestly.

"You never can get to the platinum mine," said Ned. The
winds will tear your airship to pieces."

"Not the kind I'm going to make," declared Tom. "It's
going to be an air glider, that will fairly live on high
winds. Ho! for Siberia and the platinum mines. Will you
come?"

"I don't know what you mean by an air glider, Tom Swift,
but I'll go to help rescue my brother," was the quick
answer, and then, with the light of a daring resolve shining
in his eyes, the young inventor proceeded to get his
aeroplane in shape for the trip back to Shopton.




CHAPTER III

THE HAND OF THE CZAR


"Then you won't take a ride with me to-day. asked the young
inventor, of the Russian, as he completed the repairs to the
magneto. "I'd like to have you meet my father, and a friend
of his, Mr. Damon. Most likely he'll go to Siberia with us,
if his wife will let him. I'd like to talk some plans over
with you."

"I shall certainly call on you," answered Ivan Petrofsky,
"but," he added with a smile, "I think I should prefer to
take my first ride in your larger airship--the one that
doesn't come down so often."

"Well, perhaps it is a little easier on an amateur,"
admitted Tom. "If you'll come over to our house at any time
I'll take you out in it, or I'll call for you."

"I'll come over in a few days," answered the escaped
exile. "Then I'll tell you all I know of the locality where
the platinum mine is located, and we can make our plans. In
the meanwhile don't say anything about what I have told
you."

"Why?" asked Ned quickly.

Mr. Petrofsky approached closer to the lads, and in a low
voice said:

"I am not sure about it, but of late I think I have been
shadowed. I have seen strange men in the village near here
and they have eyed me rather suspiciously. Then, too, I have
surprised several men around my house. I live here all
alone, you know, and do most of my own work, a woman coming
in occasionally to clean. But I don't like these suspicious
characters hanging about.

"Who do you think they are?" asked Tom

"I'm almost afraid to think, but from my past experience I
think--nay, I fear--they may be spies, or agents of the
Russian government"

"Spies!" cried Ned.

"Hush. Not so loud," cautioned Mr. Petrofsky. "They may
even now be in hiding, especially since your aeroplane
landed so near my house. They may see something suspicious
even in that."

"But why should the Russian government set spies on you?"
asked Tom in a low voice.

"For two reasons. I am an escaped exile, and I
am not a citizen of the United States. Therefore
I may be sent back to the sulphur mines. And
another reason is that they may think I know the
secret of the platinum treasure--the lost mine."

"Say this is getting interesting!" exclaimed Tom. "If we
are going to have a brush with some of the spies of the
Russian government so much the better. I'm ready for 'em!"

"So am I!" added Ned.

"You don't know them," said Mr. Petrofsky, and he could
not repress a shudder. "I hope they are not on my trail, but
if they are--" he paused a moment, straightened himself up,
and looked like what he was, a strong man-- "if they are let
them look out. I'd give my life to save my brother from the
awful, living death to which he is consigned!"

"And we're with you!" cried Tom, offering the Russian his
hand. "We'll turn the trick yet. Now don't forget to come
and see us. Come along, Ned. If I'm going to build an air
glider I've got to get busy." And waving farewells to their
new friend, the lads took their places in the aeroplane and
were soon on their way to Shopton.

"Well, what do you think of it?" asked Ned of his chum, as
they sped along at a good elevation, the engine going at
half speed to be less noisy and make talking easier.

"Lots. I think we're in for a good time." an exciting one,
anyhow, if what he says is true. But what in the world is an
air glider, Tom?"

"It's the last word in aeroplanes. You don't need a motor
to make it go."

"Don't need a motor?"

"No, the wind does it all. It's a sort of aeroplane, but
the motion comes from the wind, acting on different planes,
and this is accomplished by shifting weights. In it you can
stand still in a fierce gale, if you like."

"How, by tying her fast on the ground?"

"No, hovering in the air. It's all done by getting the
proper balance. The harder the wind blows the better the air
glider works, and that's why I think it will be just the
thing for Siberia. I'm going to get right at work on it, and
you'll help me; won't you?"

"I sure will. Say, is platinum worth much?"

"Worth much? I should say it was! It's got gold beat now,
and the available supply is very small, and it's getting
more scarce. Russia has several mines, and the metal is of
good quality. I've used some Russian platinum, but the kind
Mr. Petrofsky gave me to-day was better than the best I ever
had. If we can only find that lost mine we'll be
millionaires all right."

"That's what we thought when we found the city of gold,
but the gold wasn't of as fine a grade as we hoped."

"Well, nothing like that can happen in this platinum deal.
It sure is rich ore that Mr. Petrofsky and his brother
found. Poor fellow! To think of being an exile in that awful
country, not knowing where you may be sent next. No wonder
Mr. Petrofsky wants to rescue him."

"That's right. Well, here we are. I wonder what your
father will say when he hears you're thinking of another
expedition, Tom?"

"Oh, he'll want me to go when he hears about the exile."

"And I'm sure my folks will let me go. How about Mr.
Damon?"

"I don't believe we can hold him back. It will make a nice
party, just you and I, and Mr. Damon and Mr. Petrofsky. That
will leave room for the other Russian--if we can rescue
him," and with that Tom shut off the engine and glided to
earth.

It may well be imagined that Mr. Swift was surprised when
his son told him the latest news, but he did not offer any
serious objection to the young inventor going to Siberia.

"Only you must be careful," he said. "Those Russian
officers are ugly when it comes to trying to take away any
of their prisoners. And this air glider--I don't exactly
know about that. It's a new machine, and you want to be sure
it works before you trust yourself to it."

"I will," promised Tom. "Say, I've got plenty of work
ahead of me,--to get my big airship in shape, and build the
glider. You'll have to help me, dad."

"I will, son. Now tell me more about this Mr. Petrofsky."
Which Tom did.

The days that followed were indeed busy ones for Tom. The
young inventor made a model air glider that sailed fairly
well, but he knew it would have to work better to be
successful, and he bent all his energies in that direction.
Meanwhile Mr. Damon had been told of the prospective trip.

"Bless my bank book! Of course I'll go," he said. "But
don't say anything about it to my wife--that is, just yet.
I'll bring her around to it gradually. She has always wanted
a diamond ring set in platinum, and now I can get it for
her. I know she'll let me go if I break it to her gently."

It may be mentioned here that many valuable diamonds are
now set in platinum instead of gold.

"I want to keep busy," said Mr. Damon, so Tom set him, Ned
and Eradicate at the task of getting the big airship in
shape for the trip. This air craft has not figured in any of
my previous stories, but as it is so nearly like the one
that was crushed in the caves of ice, I will not give a
description of it here. Those who care to may refer to the
book telling of Tom's trip to the caves of ice for a
detailed account of the craft.

Sufficient to say that this latest airship, named the
Falcon, was the largest Tom had ever built. It contained
much room, many comforts, and could sail for several
thousand miles without descending, except in case of
accident. It was a combined dirigible balloon and aeroplane,
and could be used as either, the necessary gas being made on
board. It was large enough to enable the air glider to be
taken on it in sections.

It was about a week after their first meeting with him,
that Ivan Petrofsky paid a visit to the Swift home. He was
warmly welcomed by the aged inventor and Mr. Damon, and,
closeted in the library of the house, he proceeded to go
more into details of his own and his brother's exile to
Siberia, and to tell about the supposed location of the lost
platinum mine.

"I don't believe we can start for several weeks yet," said
Tom, after some discussion. "It will take me that long to
make the glider."

"And I, too, need a little time," said the Russian. "I
will write to some friends in St. Petersburg and perhaps
they can get some information for us, as to where my brother
is.

"That will be good," declared Mr. Damon. "Bless my icicle!
But the more I think of this trip the better I like it!"

It was arranged that the Russian should call again soon,
when the plans would be nearer in shape, and in the
meanwhile he must learn all he could from revolutionary
friends in Siberia.

It was a week after this, during which Tom, Ned and the
others had been very busy, that Tom decided to take a trip
to see their Russian friend. They had not heard from him
since his visit, and Tom wanted to learn something about the
strength of the Siberian winds.

He and Ned went in one of the small airships and soon they
were hovering over the grounds surrounding the lonely house
where Ivan Petrofsky lived.

"He doesn't seem to be at home," remarked Ned, as they
descended and approached the dwelling.

"No, and it looks quite deserted," agreed the young
inventor. "Say, all the doors are open, too!  He shouldn't
go away and leave his house open like that--with the
valuable platinum there."

"Maybe he's asleep," suggested Ned.

They knocked on the opened door, but there was no answer.
Then they went inside. To their surprise the house was in
confusion. Furniture was overturned, tables and chairs were
broken, and papers were scattered about the room.

"There's been a fight here!" cried Tom.

"That's right," agreed Ned. "Maybe he's been hurt--maybe
burglars came for the platinum!"

"Come on!" cried Tom, making a dash for the stairs. "We'll
see if he's here."

The house was small, and it took but a moment to show that
Mr. Petrofsky was not there. Upstairs, as below, was the
same confusion--the overturned furniture and the papers
scattered about.

Tom stooped and picked up a scrap that looked like a piece
torn from a letter. On top was a seal--the black seal of
Russia--the imperial arms of the Czar!

"Look!" cried Tom, holding out the paper.

"What is it." asked Ned.

"The hand of the Czar!" answered his chum. "It has reached
out from Russia, and taken Mr. Petrofsky away!"




CHAPTER IV

THE SEARCH


For a moment Ned could scarcely understand what Tom meant.
It scarcely seemed possible that such a thing could happen.
That some one in far-off Russia--be it the Czar or one of
the secret police--could operate from such a distance,
seeking out a man in an obscure house in a little American
village, and snatching him away.

"It isn't possible!" declared Ned breathlessly.

"What difference does that make?" asked Tom. "The thing
has happened, and you can't get out of it. Look at all the
evidence--there's been a fight, that's sure, and Mr.
Petrofsky is gone."

"But maybe he went away of his own accord," insisted Ned,
who was sometimes hard to convince.

"Nonsense! If a man went away of his own accord would he
smash up his furniture, leave his papers scattered all about
and go off leaving the doors and windows open for any one to
walk in? I guess not."

"Well, maybe you're right. But think of it! This isn't
Russia!"

"No, but he's a Russian subject, and, by his own
confession an escaped exile. If he was arrested in the usual
way he could be taken back, and our government couldn't
interfere. He's been taken back all right. Poor man! Think
of being doomed to those sulphur mines again, and as he
escaped they'll probably make it all the harder for him!"

"But I thought our government wouldn't help other nations
to get back prisoners convicted of political crimes,
suggested Ned. "That's all Mr. Petrofsky was guilty of--
politics, trying to help the poor in his own country. It's a
shame if our government stands for anything like that!"

"That's just the point!" exclaimed Tom. Probably the
spies, secret police, or whoever the Russian agents were,
didn't ask any help from our government. If they did there
might be a chance for him. But likely they worked in secret.
They came here, sneaked in on him, and took him away before
he could get help. Jove! If he could only have gotten word
to me I'd have come in the airship, and then there'd be a
different ending to this."

"I guess you're right, Tom. Well, that ends it I suppose."

"Ends what?"

"Our trip to the platinum mine."

"Not a bit of it. I'm going to have a hunt for it."

"But how can you when Mr. Petrofsky can't go along to show
us the way? Besides, we wanted to help rescue his brother,
and now we can't."

"Well, I'm going to make a big try," declared the young
inventor firmly. "And the first thing I'm going to do is to
get our friend out of the clutches of the Russian police."

"You are? How?"

"I'm going to make a search for him. Look here, Ned, he
must have been taken away some time to-day--perhaps only a
few hours ago--and they can't have gone far with him."

"How do you make that out?"  Ned wanted to know.

"Well, I guess I'm detective enough for that," and Tom
smiled. "Look here, the doors and windows are open. Now it
rained last night, and there was quite a wind. If the
windows had been open in the storm there'd be some traces of
moisture in the rooms. But there isn't a drop. Consequently
the windows have been opened since last night."

"Say, that's so!" cried Ned admiringly.

"But that's not all," went on Tom. "Here's a bottle of
milk on the table, and it's fresh," which he proved by
tasting it. "Now that was left by the milkman either late
last night or early this morning. I don't believe it's over
twelve hours old."

"Well, what does this mean?" asked Ned, who couldn't quite
follow Tom's line of reasoning.

"To my mind it means that the spies were here no later
than this morning. Look at the table upset, the dishes on
the floor. Here's one with oatmeal in it, and you know how
hard and firm cooked oatmeal gets after it stands a bit.
This is quite fresh, and soft, and--"

"And that means--" interrupted Ned, who was in turn
interrupted by Tom, who exclaimed:

"It means that Mr. Petrofsky was at breakfast when they
burst in on him, and took him away. They had hard work
overpowering him, I'll wager, for he could put up a pretty
good fight. And the broken furniture is evidence of that.
Then the spies, after tying him up, or putting him in a
carriage, searched the house for incriminating papers.
That's as plain as the nose on your face. Then the police
agents, or whoever they were, skipped out in a hurry, not
taking the trouble to close the windows and doors."

"I believe it did happen that way," agreed Ned, who
clearly saw what Tom meant. "But what can we do? How can we
find him?"

"By getting on the trail," answered his chum quickly.
"There may be more clews in the house, and I'm sure there'll
be some out of doors, for they must have left footprints or
the marks of carriage wheels. We'll take a look, and then
we'll get right on the search. I'm not going to let them
take Mr. Petrofsky to Russia if I can help it. I want to get
after that platinum, and he's the only one who can pilot us
anywhere near the place; and besides, there's his brother
we've got to rescue. We'll make a search for the exile."

"I'm with you!" cried Ned. "Jove! Wouldn't it be great if
we could rescue him? They can't have gotten very far with
him."

"I'm afraid they have quite a start on us admitted Tom
with a dubious shake of his head, "but as long as they're in
the United States we have a chance. If ever they get him on
Russian soil it's all up with him."

"Come on then!" cried Ned. "Let's get busy. What's the
first thing to do?"

"Look for clews," replied Tom. "We'll begin at the top of
the house and work down. It's lucky we came when we did, for
every minute counts."

Then the two plucky lads began their search for the
kidnapped Russian exile. Had those who took him away seen
the mere youths who thus devoted themselves to the task,
they might have laughed in contempt, but those who know Tom
Swift and his sturdy chum, know that two more resourceful
and brave lads would be hard to find.




CHAPTER V

A CLEW FROM RUSSIA


"Nothing much up here," remarked Tom, when he and Ned had
gone all over the second floor twice. "That scrap of paper,
which put me on to the fact that some one from the Russian
government had been here, is about all. They must have taken
all the documents Mr. Petrofsky had."

"Maybe he didn't have any," suggested Ned.

"If he was wise he'd get rid of them when he knew he was
being shadowed, as he told us. Perhaps that was why they
broke up the furniture, searching for hidden papers, or they
may have done it out of spite because they didn't find
anything. But we might as well go downstairs and look
there."

But the first floor was equally unproductive of clews,
save those already noted, which showed, at least so Tom
believed, that Mr. Petrofsky had been surprised and
overpowered while at breakfast.

"Now for outside!" cried the young inventor. "We'll see if
we can figure out how they got him away."

There were plenty of marks in the soft ground and turf,
which was still damp from the night's rain, though it was
now afternoon. Unfortunately, however, in approaching the
house after leaving the aeroplane, Ned and Tom had not
thought to exercise caution, and, not suspecting anything
wrong, they had stepped on a number of footprints left by
the kidnappers.

But for all that, they saw enough to convince them that
several men had been at the lonely house, for there were
many marks of shoes. It was out of the question, however, to
tell which were those of Mr. Petrofsky and which those of
his captors.

"They might have carried him out to a carriage they had in
waiting," suggested Ned. "Let's go out to the front gate and
look in the road. They hardly would bring the carriage up to
the door."

"Good idea," commented Tom, and they hurried to the main
thoroughfare that passed the Russian's house.

"Here they are!" cried Ned, Who was in the lead. "There's
been a carriage here as sure as you're a foot high. and it's
a rubber-tired one too."

"GOOD!" cried Tom admiringly. "You're coming right along
in your detective training. How do you make that out?"

"See here, where a piece of rubber has been broken or cut
out of the tire. It makes a peculiar mark in the dirt every
time the wheel goes around."

"That's right, and it will be a good thing to trace the
carriage by. Come on, we'll keep right after it."

"Hold on a bit," suggested Ned, who, though not so quick
as Tom Swift, frequently produced good results by his very
slowness. "Are you going off and leave the airship here for
some one to walk off with?"

"Guess they wouldn't take it far," replied the young
inventor, "but I'd better make it safe. I'll disconnect it
so they can't start it, though if Andy Foger happens to come
along he might slash the planes just out of spite. But I
guess he won't show up."

Tom took a connecting pin out of the electrical apparatus,
making it impossible to start the aeroplane, and then,
wheeling it out of sight behind a small barn, he and Ned
went back to the carriage marks in the road.

"Hurry!" urged Tom, as he started off in the direction of
the village of Hurdtown, near where the cottage stood. "We
will ask people living along the highway if they've seen a
carriage pass."

"But what makes you think they went off that way?" asked
Ned. "I should think they'd head away from the village, so
as not to be seen."

"No, I don't agree with you. But wait, we'll look at the
marks. Maybe that will help us."

Peering carefully at the marks of horses' hoofs and the
wheel impressions, Tom uttered a cry of discovery.

"I have it!" he declared. "The carriage came from the
village, and kept right on the other way. You're right, Ned.
They didn't go back to town.

"Are you sure?"

"Of course. You can see for yourself; if the carriage had
turned around the track would show, but it doesn't and, even
if they turned on the grass, there'd be two lines of marks--
one coming out here and one returning. As it is there is
only a single set--just as if the carriage drove up here,
took on its load, and continued on. This way, Ned."

They hurried down the road, and soon came to a cluster of
farm houses. Inquiries there, however, failed to bring
anything to light, for either the occupants of the house had
failed to notice passing vehicles, or there had been so many
that any particular carriage was not recalled. And there
were now so many impressions in the soft dirt of the
highway--so many wheel tracks and hoof imprints--that it was
impossible to pick out those of the carriage with the cut
rubber tire. "Well, I guess it isn't of much use to go on
any farther," spoke Ned, when they had traveled several
miles and had learned nothing.

"We'll try one more house, and then go back," agreed Tom.
"We'll tell dad about what's happened, and see what he
says."

"Carriage?" repeated an old farmer to whom they next put
the question. "Wa'al, now, come t' think of it, I did see
one drivin' along here early this morning. It had rubber
tires on too, for I recollect remarkin' t' myself that it
didn't make much noise. Had t' talk t' myself," he added in
explanation," 'cause nobody else in the family was up,
'ceptin' th' dog."

"Did the carriage have some Russians in it?" asked Tom
eagerly, "and was one a big bearded man?"

"Wa'al, now you've got me," admitted the farmer frankly.
"It was quite early you see, and I didn't take no particular
notice. I got up early t' do my milkin' 'cause I have t'
take it t' th' cheese factory. That's th' reason nobody was
up but me. But I see this carriage comin' down th' road, and
thinks I t' myself it was pretty middlin' early fer anybody
t' be takin' a pleasure ride. I 'lowed it were a pleasure
ride, 'cause it were one of them hacks that folks don't
usually use 'ceptin' fer a weddin', or a funeral, an' it
wa'n't no funeral."

"Then you can't tell us anything more except that it
passed?" asked Ned.

"No, I couldn't see inside, 'cause it was rather dark at
that hour, and then, too, I noticed that they had th' window
shades down."

"That's suspicious!" exclaimed Tom. "I believe they are
the fellows we re after," and, without giving any
particulars he said that they were looking for a friend who
might have been taken away against his will.

"Could you tell where they were going?" asked
Tom, scarcely hoping to get an affirmative answer.

"Wa'al, th' man on th' seat pulled up when he see me,"
spoke the farmer with exasperating slowness, "an' asked me
how far it was t' th' Waterville station, an' I told him."

"Why didn't you say so at first?" asked Tom quickly. "Why
didn't you tell us they were heading for the railroad?"

"You didn't ask me," replied the farmer. "What difference
does it make."

"Every minute counts!" exclaimed the young inventor. "We
want to keep right after those fellows. Maybe the agent can
tell us where they bought tickets to, and we can trace them
that way.

"Shouldn't wonder," commented the farmer. There ain't many
trains out from Waterville at that time of day, an' mighty
few passengers. Shouldn't wonder but Jake Applesaner could
put ye on th' trail."

"Much obliged," called Tom. "Come on, Ned," and he started
back in the direction of the house where the kidnapping had
taken place.

"That ain't th' way t' 'vaterville!" the farmer shouted
after them.

"I know it, we're going to get our airship," answered Tom,
and then he heard the farmer mutter.

"Plumb crazy! That's what they be! Plumb crazy! Going
after their airship! Shouldn't wonder but they was escaped
lunatics, and the other fellers was keepers after 'em. Hu!
Wa'al, I've got my work to do. 'Tain't none of my affair."

"Let him think what he likes," commented Ned as he and his
chum hurried on. "We're on the trail all right."

If Jake Applesauer, the agent at the Waterville station,
was surprised at seeing two youths drop down out of an
aeroplane, and begin questioning him about some suspicious
strangers that had taken the morning train, he did not show
it. Jake prided himself on not being surprised at anything,
except once when he took a counterfeit dollar in return for
a ticket, and had to make it good to the company.

But, to the despair of Tom and Ned, he could not help them
much. He had seen the party, of course. They had driven up
in the hack, and one of the men seemed to be sick, or hurt,
for his head was done up in bandages, and the others had to
half carry him on the train.

"That was Mr. Petrofsky all right," declared Ned.

"Sure," assented Tom. "They must have hurt and drugged
him. But you can't tell us for what station they bought
tickets, Mr. Applesauer?"

"No, for they didn't buy any. They must have had 'em, or
else they paid on the train. One man drove off in the coach,
and that's all I know."

As Tom and Ned started back to Shopton in the aeroplane
they discussed what could be done next. A hard task lay
before them, and they realized that.

"They could have gotten off at any station between here
and New York, or even changed to another railroad at the
junction," spoke Tom. "It's going to be a hard job."

"Guess we'll have to get some regular detectives on it,"
suggested Ned.

"And that's what I'll do," declared the young inventor.
"They may be able to locate Mr. Petrofsky before those spies
take him out of this country. If they don't--it will be too
late. I'm going to talk to dad about it, and if he agrees
I'll hire the best private detectives."

Mr. Swift gave his consent when Tom had told the story,
and, a day later, one of the best detectives of a well known
agency called on Tom in Shopton and assumed charge of the
case.

The early reports from the detective were quite
reassuring. He got on the trail of the men who had taken Mr.
Petrofsky away, and confirmed the suspicion that they were
agents of the Russian police. He trailed them as far as New
York, and there the clews came to an end.

"Whether they are in the big city, which might easily be,
or in some of the nearby towns, will take some time to
learn," the detective wrote, and Tom wired back telling him
to keep on searching.

But, as several weeks went by, and no word came, even Tom
began to give up hope, though he did not stop work on the
air glider, which was nearing completion. And then, most
unexpectedly a clew came--a clew from far-off Russia.

Tom got a letter one day--a letter in a strange hand, the
stamp and postmark showing that it had come from the land of
the Czar.

"What do you suppose it contains?" asked Ned, who was with
his chum when the communication was received.

"Haven't the least idea; but I'll soon find out."

"Maybe it's from the Russian police, telling you to keep
away from Siberia."

"Maybe," answered Tom absently, for he was reading the
missive. "I say!" he suddenly cried. "This is great! A clew
at last, and from St. Petersburg! Listen to this, Ned!

"This letter is from the head of one of the secret
societies over there, a society that works against the
government. It says that Mr. Petrofsky is being detained a
prisoner in a lonely hut on the Atlantic sea coast, not far
from New York--Sandy Hook the letter says--and here are the
very directions how to get there!"

"No!" cried Ned, in disbelief. "How in the world could
anybody in Russia know that."

"It tells here," said Tom. "It's all explained. As soon as
the secret police got Mr. Petrofsky they communicated with
the head officials in St. Petersburg. You know nearly
everyone is a spy over there, and the letter says that Mr.
Petrofsky's friends there soon heard the news, and even about
the exact place where he is being held."

"What are they holding him for?" asked Ned.

"That's explained, too. It seems they can't legally take
him back until certain papers are received from his former
prison in Siberia, and those are now on the way. His friends
write to me to hasten and rescue him."

"But how did they ever get your address?"

"That's easy, though you wouldn't think so. It seems, so
the letter explains, that as soon as Mr. Petrofsky got
acquainted with us he wrote to friends in St. Petersburg,
giving my address, and telling them, in case anything ever
happened to him, to notify us. You see he suspected that
something might, after he found he was being shadowed that
way.

"And it all worked out. As soon as his friends heard that
he was caught, and learned where he was being held, they
wrote to me. Hurrah, Ned! A clew at last! Now to wire the
detective--no, hold on, we'll go there and rescue him
ourselves! We'll go in the airship, and pick up Detective
Trivett in New York."

"That's the stuff! I'm with you!"

"Bless my suspender buttons! So am I, whatever it is!"
cried Mr. Damon, entering the room at that moment.




CHAPTER VI

RESCUING MR. PETROFSKY


"We ought to be somewhere near the place now, Tom."

"I think we are, Ned. But you know I'm not going too close
in this airship."

"Bless my silk hat!" exclaimed Mr. Damon. "I hope we don't
have to walk very far in such a deserted country as this,
Tom Swift."

"We'll have to walk a little way, Mr. Damon," replied the
young inventor. "If I go too close to the hut they'll see
the airship, and as those spies probably know that Mr.
Petrofsky has been dealing with me, They'd smell a rat at
once, and run away, taking him with them, and we'd have all
our work to do over again."

"That's right," agreed Detective Trivett, who was one of
the four in the airship that was now hovering over the
Atlantic coast, about ten miles below the summer resorts of
which Asbury Park was one.

It was only a few hours after Tom had received the letter
from Russia informing him of the whereabouts of the
kidnapped Russian, and he had acted at once.

His father sanctioned the plan of going to the rescue in
one of Tom's several airships and, Mr. Damon, having been on
hand, at once agreed to go. Of course Ned went along, and
they had picked up the private detective in New York, where
he was vainly seeking a clew to the whereabouts of Mr.
Petrofsky.

Now the young inventor and his friends were hovering over
the sandy stretch of coast that extends from Sandy Hook down
the Atlantic seaboard. They were looking for a small fishing
hamlet on the outskirts of which, so the Russian letter
stated, was situated the lonely hut in which Mr. Petrofsky
was held a prisoner.

"Do you think you can pick it out from a distance, Tom?"
asked Mr. Damon, as the airship floated slowly along. It was
not the big one they intended taking on their trip to
Siberia, but it was sufficiently large to accommodate the
four and leave room for Mr. Petrofsky, should they succeed
in rescuing him.

"I think so," answered the young inventor.

In the letter from Russia a comparatively accurate
description of the prisoner's hut had been given, and also
some details about his guards. For there is little goes on
in political circles in the realm of the Czar that is not
known either to the spies of the government or those of the
opposition, and the latter had furnished Tom with reliable
information.

"That looks like the place," said Tom at length, when,
after peering steadily through a powerful telescope, during
which time Ned steered the ship, the young inventor "picked
up" a fishing settlement. "There is the big fish house,
spoken of in the letter," he went on, "and the Russians know
a lot about fish. That house makes a good landmark. We'll go
down now, before they have a chance to see us."

The others thought this a good idea, and a little later
the airship sank to the ground amid a lonely stretch of sand
dunes, about two miles from the hamlet on the outskirts of
which the prison hut was said to be located.

"Now," said Tom, "we've got to decide on a plan of
Campaign. It won't do for all of us to go to the hut and
make the rescue. Some one has got to stay with the airship,
to be ready to start it off as soon as we come back with Mr.
Petrofsky--if we do come.

"Then there's no use in me staying here," spoke Detective
Trivett. "I don't know enough even to turn on the gasolene."

"No, it's got to be Ned or me," said the young inventor.

"I'll stay," volunteered Ned quickly, for though he would
very much have liked to be in at the rescue, he realized
that his place was in the airship, as Mr. Damon was not
sufficiently familiar with the machinery to operate it.

Accordingly, after looking to everything to see that it
was in working order, Tom led the advance. It was just
getting dusk, and they figured on getting to the hut after
dark.

"Have everything ready for a quick start," Tom said to
Ned, "for we may come back running."

"I will," was the prompt answer, and then, getting their
bearings, the little party set off.

They had to travel over a stretch of sandy waste that ran
along the beach. Back in shore were a few scattered
cottages, and not yet opened for the summer, and on the
ocean side was the pounding surf. The hut, as Tom recalled
the directions, lay just beyond a group of stunted hemlock
trees that set a little way hack from the ocean, on a bluff
overlooking the sea. It was not near any other building.

Slowly, and avoiding going any nearer the other houses
than they could help, the little party made its way. They
had to depend on their own judgement now, for the minor
details of the location of the hut could not be given in the
letter from Russia. In fact the spies themselves, in
writing to their head officers about the matter, had not
described the location in detail.

"That looks like it over there," said Tom at last, when
they had gone about a mile and a half, and saw a lonely hut
with a light burning in it.

Cautiously they approached and, as they drew nearer, they
saw that the light came through the window of a small hut.

"Looks like the place," commented the detective.

"We'll have a look," remarked Tom.

He crept up so he could glance in the window, and no
sooner had he peered in, than he motioned for the others to
approach.

Looking under a partly-drawn curtain, Mr. Damon and Mr.
Trivett saw the Russian whom they sought. He was seated at a
table, his head bowed on his hands, and in the room were
three men. A rifle stood in one corner, near one of the
guards.

"They're taking no chances," whispered Mr. Damon.  "What
shall we do, Tom?"

"It's three to three," replied the young inventor. "But if
we can get him away without a fight, so much the better. I
think I have it. I'll go up to the door, knock and make
quite a racket, and demand admittance in the name of the
Czar. That will startle them, and they may all three rush to
answer. Mr. Damon, you and the detective will stay by the
window. As soon as you see the men rush for the door, smash
in the window with a piece of driftwood and call to Mr.
Petrofsky to jump out that way. Then you can run with him
toward the airship, and I'll follow. It may work."

"I don't see why it wouldn't," declared the detective. "Go
ahead, Tom. We're ready."

Looking in once more, to make sure that the guards were
not aware of the presence of the rescuing party, Tom went to
the front door of the hut. It was a small building,
evidently one used by fishermen.

Tom knocked loudly on the portal, at the same time crying
out in a voice that he strove to make as deep and menacing
as possible:

"Open! Open in the name of the Czar!"

Looking through the window, ready to act on the instant,
Mr. Damon and the detective saw the three guards spring to
their feet. One remained near Mr. Petrofsky, who also leaped
up.

"Now!" called the detective to his companion. "Smash the
window!"

The next instant a big piece of driftwood crashed through
the casement, just as the two men were hurrying to the front
door to answer Tom's summons.

"Mr. Petrofsky! This way!" yelled Mr. Damon, sticking his
head in through the broken sash. "Come out! We've come to
save you! Bless my putty blower, but this is great! Come
on!"

For a moment the exile stared at the head thrust through
the broken window, and he listened to Tom's emphatic knocks
and demands. Then with a cry of delight the Russian sprang
for the open casement, while the guard that had remained
near him made a leap to catch him, crying out:

"Betrayed! Betrayed! It's the Nihilists! Look out, comrades!"




CHAPTER VII

THE AIR GLIDER


Mr. Damon continued to hammer away at the window sash with
the piece of driftwood. There were splinters of the frame
and jagged pieces of glass sticking out, making it dangerous
for the exile to slip through.

"Come on! Come on!" the eccentric man continued to call.
"Bless my safety valve! We'll save you! Come on!"

Mr. Petrofsky was leaping across the room, just ahead of
the one guard. The other two were at the open door now,
through which Tom could be seen. Then the spies, realizing
in an instant that they had been deceived, made a dash after
their comrade, who had his hand on the tails of the exile's
coat.

"Break away! Break loose!" cried Mr. Damon, who, by this
time had cleared the window so a person could get through.
"Don't let them hold you!"

"I don't intend to!" retorted Mr. Petrofsky, and he
swerved suddenly, tearing his coat, from the grasp of the
guard.

In another instant the exile was at the casement, and was
being helped through by Mr. Damon, and there was need of it,
for the three guards were there now, doing their best to
keep their prisoner.

"Pull away! Pull away!" cried Mr. Damon.

"We'll help you!" shouted Tom, who, now that his trick had
worked, had sped around to the other side of the hut.

"Don't be afraid, we're with you!" exclaimed the
detective, who was with the young inventor.

"Grab him! Keep him! Hold him!" fairly screamed the
rearmost of the three guards. "It is a plot of the Nihilists
to rescue him. Shoot him, comrades. He must not get away!"

"Don't you try any of your shooting games, or I'll take a
hand in it!" shouted the detective, and, at the same moment
he drew his revolver and fired harmlessly in the air.

"A bomb! A bomb!", yelled the guards in terror.

"Not yet, but there may be!" murmured Tom. The firing of
the shot produced a good effect, for the three men who were
trying to detain Ivan Petrofsky at once fell back from the
window and gave him just the chance needed. He scrambled
through, with the aid of Mr. Damon, and before the guards
could again spring at him, which they did when the echoes of
the shot had died away. They had realized, too late, that it
was not a bomb, and that there was no immediate danger for
them.

"Come on!" cried Tom. "Make for the airship! We've got to
get the start of them!"

Leading the way, he sprinted toward the road that led to
the place where the airship awaited them. He was followed by
Mr. Damon and the detective, who had Mr. Petrofsky between
them.

"Are you all right?" Tom called back to the exile. "Are
you hurt? Can you run?"

"I'm all right," was the reassuring answer. "Go ahead; But
they'll be right after us."

"Maybe they'll stop when they see this," remarked the
detective significantly, and he held his revolver so that
the rays of the newly-risen moon glinted on it.

"Here they come!" cried Tom a moment later, as three
figures, one after the other, came around the corner of the
house. They had not taken the shorter route through the
window, as had Mr. Petrofsky, and this gained a little time
for our friends.

"Stop! Hold on!" cried one of the guards in fairly good
English. "That is our prisoner."

"Not any more!" the young inventor yelled back. "He's ours
now."

"Look out! They're going to shoot!" cried Mr. Damon.
"Bless my gunpowder! can't you stop them some way or other,
Mr. Detective?"

"The only way is by firing first," answered Mr. Trivett,
"and I don't want to hurt them. Guess I'll fire in the air
again."

He did, and the guards halted. They seemed to be holding a
consultation, as Tom learned by glancing hastily back, and
he caught the glisten of some weapon. But if the three men
had any notion of firing they gave it up, and once more came
on running. Doubtless they had orders to get their prisoner
back to Russia alive, and did not want to take any chances
of hitting him.

"Leg it!" cried Tom. "Leg it!"

He was well ahead, and wanted the others to catch up to
him, but none of the men was a good runner, and Mr.
Petrofsky, by reason of being rather heavily built, was
worse than the other two, so they had to accommodate their
pace to his.

"I wonder if we can make it," mused Tom, as he realized
that the airship was a good distance off yet. the guards,
though quite a way in the rear now were coming on fast.
"It's going to be a close race," thought the young inventor.
"I wish we'd brought the airship a little nearer."

It was indeed a race now, for the guards, seeming to know
that they would not be shot at, were coming on more
confidently, and were rap-idly lessening the distance that
separated them from their recent prisoner.

"We've got to go faster!" cried Tom.

"Bless my shoe leather!" yelled Mr. Damon. "I can't go any
faster."

Still he did make the attempt, and so did the exile and
the detective. Little was said now, for each of the parties
was running a dogged race, and in silence. They had gone
possibly half a mile, and the first advantage of Tom and his
friends was rapidly being lost, when suddenly there sounded
in the air above a curious throbbing noise.

"Bless my gasolene! What's that?" cried Mr. Damon.

"The airship! It's the airship!" yelled Tom, as he saw a
great dark shape slowly approaching. "Ned is bringing her to
met us."

"Good!" cried the detective. "We need it I'm about
winded!"

"This way, Ned! This way!" cried Tom, and, an instant
later, they were in the midst of a brilliant glow, for Ned
had turned the current into the great searchlight on the bow
of the air craft, and the beams were focused on our friends.
Ned could now see the refugees, and in a moment he sent the
graceful craft down, bringing it to a halt on the ground
near Tom.

"In with you!" cried the lad. "She's all ready to start up
again!"

"Come on!" yelled Tom to the others. "We're all right now,
if you hustle!"

"Bless my pin cushion!" gasped Mr. Damon, making a final
spurt.

The three guards had halted in confusion on seeing the
big, black bulk of the airship, and when they noted the
gleaming of the searchlight they must have realized that
their chances were gone. They made a rush, however, but it
was too late. Over the side of the craft scrambled Tom, Mr.
Damon, the detective and Ivan Petrofsky, and an instant
later Ned had sent it aloft. The race was over, and the
young inventor and his friends had won.

"You're the stuff!" cried Tom to Ned, as he went with his
chum to the pilot house to direct the progress of the
airship. "It's lucky you came for us. We never could have
made the distance. We left the ship too far off."

"That's what I thought after you'd gone," replied his
chum. "So I decided to come and meet you. I had to go slowly
so as not to pass you in the darkness."

They were speeding off now, and Ned, turning the beams of
the great searchlight below them, picked up the three guards
who were gazing helplessly aloft after their fast
disappearing prisoner.

"You're having your first ride in an airship, Mr.
Petrofsky," remarked Tom, when they had gone on for some
little distance. "How do you like it?"

"I'm so excited I hardly know, but it's quite a sensation.
But how in the world did you ever find me to rescue me?"

Then they told the story of their search, and the
unexpected clew from Russia. In turn the exile told how he
had been attacked at the breakfast table one morning by the
three spies--the very men who had been shadowing him--and
taken away secretly, being drugged to prevent his calling
for help. He had been kept a close prisoner in the lonely
hut, and each day he had expected to be taken back to serve
out his sentence in Siberia.

"Another day would have been too late," he told Tom, when
he had thanked the young inventor over and over again, "for
the papers would have arrived, and the last obstacle to
taking me back to Russia would have been removed. They
dared not take me out of the United States without official
documents, and they would have been forged ones, for they
intended trumping up a criminal charge against me, the
political one not being strong enough to allow them to
extradite me."

"Well I'm glad we got you," said Tom heartily. "We will
soon be ready to start for Siberia."

"In this kind of a craft?"

"Yes, only much larger. You'll like it. I only hope my
air glider works."

By putting on speed, Tom was able to reach Shopton before
midnight, and there was quite an informal celebration in the
Swift homestead over the rescue of the exile. The detective,
for whom there was no further need, was paid off, and Mr.
Petrofsky was made a member of the household.

"You'd better stay here until we are ready to start," Tom
said, "and then we can keep an eye on you. We need you to
show us as nearly as possible where the platinum field is."

"All right," agreed the Russian with a laugh. "I'm sure
I'll do all I can for you, and you are certainly treating me
very nicely after what I suffered from my captors."

Tom resumed work on his air glider the next day, and he
had an additional helper, for Mr. Petrofsky proved to be a
good mechanic.

In brief, the air glider was like an aeroplane save that
it had no motor. It was raised by a strong wind blowing





            THE TIN WOODMAN OF OZ

A Faithful Story of the Astonishing Adventure
   Undertaken by the Tin Woodman, assisted
     by Woot the Wanderer, the Scarecrow
         of Oz, and Polychrome, the
             Rainbow's Daughter

                    by
              L.  FRANK BAUM
          "Royal historian of Oz"

                This Book
              is dedicated
              to the son of
                  my son
             Frank Alden Baum



TO MY READERS

I know that some of you have been waiting for this
story of the Tin Woodman, because many of  my
correspondents have asked me, time and again what ever
became of the "pretty Munchkin girl" whom Nick Chopper
was engaged to marry before the Wicked Witch enchanted
his axe and he traded his flesh for tin. I, too, have
wondered what became of her, but until Woot the
Wanderer interested himself in the matter the Tin
Woodman knew no more than we did. However, he found
her, after many thrilling adventures, as you will
discover when you have read this story.

I am delighted at the continued interest of both
young and old in the Oz stories. A learned college
professor recently wrote me to ask: "For readers of
what age are your books intended?" It puzzled me to
answer that properly, until I had looked over some of
the letters I have received. One says: "I'm a little
boy 5 years old, and I Just love your Oz stories. My
sister, who is writing this for me, reads me the Oz
books, but I wish I could read them myself." Another
letter says: "I'm a great girl 13 years old, so you'll
be surprised when I tell you I am not too old yet for
the Oz stories."  Here's another letter: "Since I was a
young girl I've never missed getting a Baum book for
Christmas. I'm married, now, but am as eager to get and
read the Oz stories as ever." And still another writes:
"My good wife and I, both more than 70 years of age,
believe that we find more real enjoyment in your Oz
books than in any other books we read." Considering
these statements, I wrote the college professor that my
books are intended for all those whose hearts are
young, no matter what their ages may be.

I think I am justified in promising that there will
be some astonishing revelations about The Magic of Oz
in my book for 1919. Always your loving and grateful
friend,

                             L. FRANK BAUM.

                         Royal Historian of Oz.


 "OZCOT"
at HOLLYWOOD
in CALIFORNIA

  1918.

LIST OF CHAPTERS
 1  Woot the Wanderer
 2  The Heart of the Tin Woodman
 3  Roundabout
 4  The Loons of Loonville
 5  Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess
 6  The Magic of a Yookoohoo
 7  The Lace Apron
 8  The Menace of the Forest
 9  The Quarrelsome Dragons
10  Tommy Kwikstep
11  Jinjur's Ranch
12  Ozma and Dorothy
13  The Restoration
14  The Green Monkey
15  The Man of Tin
16  Captain Fyter
17  The Workshop of Ku-Klip
18  The Tin Woodman Talks to Himself
19  The Invisible Country
20  Over Night
21  Polychrome's Magic
22  Nimmie Amee
23  Through the Tunnel
24  The Curtain Falls




Chapter One

Woot the Wanderer


The Tin Woodman sat on his glittering tin throne in the
handsome tin hall of his splendid tin castle in the
Winkie Country of the Land of Oz. Beside him, in a
chair of woven straw, sat his best friend, the
Scarecrow of Oz. At times they spoke to one another of
curious things they had seen and strange adventures
they had known since first they two had met and become
comrades. But at times they were silent, for these
things had been talked over many times between them,
and they found themselves contented in merely being
together, speaking now and then a brief sentence to
prove they were wide awake and attentive. But then,
these two quaint persons never slept. Why should they
sleep, when they never tired?

And now, as the brilliant sun sank low over the Winkie
Country of Oz, tinting the glistening tin towers and
tin minarets of the tin castle with glorious sunset
hues, there approached along a winding pathway Woot the
Wanderer, who met at the castle entrance a Winkie
servant.

The servants of the Tin Woodman all wore tin helmets
and tin breastplates and uniforms covered with tiny tin
discs sewed closely together on silver cloth, so that
their bodies sparkled as beautifully as did the tin
castle -- and almost as beautifully as did the Tin
Woodman himself.

Woot the Wanderer looked at the man servant --all
bright and glittering -- and at the magnificent castle
-- all bright and glittering -- and as he looked his
eyes grew big with wonder. For Woot was not very big
and not very old and, wanderer though he was, this
proved the most gorgeous sight that had ever met his
boyish gaze.

"Who lives here?" he asked.

"The Emperor of the Winkies, who is the famous Tin
Woodman of Oz," replied the servant, who had been
trained to treat all strangers with courtesy.

"A Tin Woodman?  How queer!" exclaimed the little
wanderer.

"Well, perhaps our Emperor is queer," admitted the
servant; "but he is a kind master and as honest and
true as good tin can make him; so we, who gladly serve
him, are apt to forget that he is not like other
people."

"May I see him?" asked Woot the Wanderer, after a
moment's thought.

"If it please you to wait a moment, I will go and ask
him," said the servant, and then he went into the hall
where the Tin Woodman sat with his friend the
Scarecrow. Both were glad to learn that a stranger had
arrived at the castle, for this would give them
something new to talk about, so the servant was asked
to admit the boy at once.

By the time Woot the Wanderer had passed through the
grand corridors -- all lined with ornamental tin -- and
under stately tin archways and through the many tin
rooms all set with beautiful tin furniture, his eyes
had grown bigger than ever and his whole little body
thrilled with amazement. But, astonished though he was,
he was able to make a polite bow before the throne and
to say in a respectful voice: "I salute your
Illustrious Majesty and offer you my humble services."

"Very good!" answered the Tin Woodman in his
accustomed cheerful manner. "Tell me who you are, and
whence you come."

"I am known as Woot the Wanderer," answered the boy,
"and I have come, through many travels and by
roundabout ways, from my former home in a far corner of
the Gillikin Country of Oz."

"To wander from one's home," remarked the Scarecrow,
"is to encounter dangers and hardships, especially if
one is made of meat and bone. Had you no friends in
that corner of the Gillikin Country? Was it not
homelike and comfortable?"

To hear a man stuffed with straw speak, and speak so
well, quite startled Woot, and perhaps he stared a bit
rudely at the Scarecrow. But after a moment he replied:

"I had home and friends, your Honorable Strawness,
but they were so quiet and happy and comfortable that I
found them dismally stupid. Nothing in that corner of
Oz interested me, but I believed that in other parts of
the country I would find strange people and see new
sights, and so I set out upon my wandering journey. I
have been a wanderer for nearly a full year, and now my
wanderings have brought me to this splendid castle."

"I suppose," said the Tin Woodman, "that in this year
you have seen so much that you have become very wise."

"No," replied Woot, thoughtfully, "I am not at all
wise, I beg to assure your Majesty. The more I wander
the less I find that I know, for in the Land of Oz much
wisdom and many things may be learned."

"To learn is simple. Don't you ask questions?"
inquired the Scarecrow.

"Yes; I ask as many questions as I dare; but some
people refuse to answer questions."

"That is not kind of them," declared the Tin Woodman.
"If one does not ask for information he seldom receives
it; so I, for my part, make it a rule to answer any
civil question that is asked me."

"So do I," added the Scarecrow, nodding.

"I am glad to hear this," said the Wanderer, "for it
makes me bold to ask for something to eat."

"Bless the boy!" cried the Emperor of the Winkies;
"how careless of me not to remember that wanderers are
usually hungry. I will have food brought you at once."

Saying this he blew upon a tin whistle that was
suspended from his tin neck, and at the summons a
servant appeared and bowed low. The Tin Woodman
ordered food for the stranger, and in a few minutes the
servant brought in a tin tray heaped with a choice
array of good things to eat, all neatly displayed on
tin dishes that were polished till they shone like
mirrors. The tray was set upon a tin table drawn
before the throne, and the servant placed a tin chair
before the table for the boy to seat himself.

"Eat, friend Wanderer," said the Emperor cordially,
"and I trust the feast will be to your liking. I,
myself, do not eat, being made in such manner that I
require no food to keep me alive. Neither does my
friend the Scarecrow. But all my Winkie people eat,
being formed of flesh, as you are, and so my tin
cupboard is never bare, and strangers are always
welcome to whatever it contains."

The boy ate in silence for a time, being really
hungry, but after his appetite was somewhat satisfied,
he said:

"How happened your Majesty to be made of tin, and
still be alive?"

"That," replied the tin man, "is a long story."

"The longer the better," said the boy. "Won't you
please tell me the story?"

"If you desire it," promised the Tin Woodman, leaning
back in his tin throne and crossing his tin legs. "I
haven't related my history in a long while, because
everyone here knows it nearly as well as I do. But you,
being a stranger, are no doubt curious to learn how I
became so beautiful and prosperous, so I will recite
for your benefit my strange adventures."

"Thank you," said Woot the Wanderer, still eating.

"I was not always made of tin," began the Emperor,
"for in the beginning I was a man of flesh and bone and
blood and lived in the Munchkin Country of Oz. There I
was, by trade, a woodchopper, and contributed my share
to the comfort of the Oz people by chopping up the
trees of the forest to make firewood, with which the
women would cook their meals while the children warmed
themselves about the fires. For my home I had a little
hut by the edge of the forest, and my life was one of
much content until I fell in love with a beautiful
Munchkin girl who lived not far away."

"What was the Munchkin girl's name?" asked Woot.

"Nimmie Amee. This girl, so fair that the sunsets
blushed when their rays fell upon her, lived with a
powerful witch who wore silver shoes and who had made
the poor child her slave. Nimmie Amee was obliged to
work from morning till night for the old Witch of the
East, scrubbing and sweeping her hut and cooking her
meals and washing her dishes. She had to cut firewood,
too, until I found her one day in the forest and fell
in love with her. After that, I always brought plenty
of firewood to Nimmie Amee and we became very friendly.
Finally I asked her to marry me, and she agreed to do
so, but the Witch happened to overhear our conversation
and it made her very angry, for she did not wish her
slave to be taken away from her. The Witch commanded me
never to come near Nimmie Amee again, but I told her I
was my own master and would do as I pleased, not
realizing that this was a careless way to speak to a
Witch.

"The next day, as I was cutting wood in the forest,
the cruel Witch enchanted my axe, so that it slipped
and cut off my right leg."

"How dreadful!" cried Woot the Wanderer.

"Yes, it was a seeming misfortune," agreed the Tin
Man, "for a one-legged woodchopper is of little use in
his trade. But I would not allow the Witch to conquer
me so easily. I knew a very skillful mechanic at the
other side of the forest, who was my friend, so I
hopped on one leg to him and asked him to help me. He
soon made me a new leg out of tin and fastened it
cleverly to my meat body. It had joints at the knee and
at the ankle and was almost as comfortable as the leg I
had lost."

"Your friend must have been a wonderful workman!"
exclaimed Woot.

"He was, indeed," admitted the Emperor. "He was a
tinsmith by trade and could make anything out of tin.
When I returned to Nimmie Amee, the girl was delighted
and threw her arms around my neck and kissed me,
declaring she was proud of me. The Witch saw the kiss
and was more angry than before. When I went to work in
the forest, next day, my axe, being still enchanted,
slipped and cut off my other leg. Again I hopped -- on
my tin leg -- to my friend the tinsmith, who kindly
made me another tin leg and fastened it to my body. So
I returned joyfully to Nimmie Amee, who was much
pleased with my glittering legs and promised that when
we were wed she would always keep them oiled and
polished. But the Witch was more furious than ever, and
as soon as I raised my axe to chop, it twisted around
and cut off one of my arms. The tinsmith made me a tin
arm and I was not much worried, because Nimmie Amee
declared she still loved me."




Chapter Two

The Heart of the Tin Woodman


The Emperor of the Winkies paused in his story to
reach for an oil-can, with which he carefully oiled the
joints in his tin throat, for his voice had begun to
squeak a little. Woot the Wanderer, having satisfied
his hunger, watched this oiling process with much
curiosity, but begged the Tin Man to go on with his
tale.

"The Witch with the Silver Shoes hated me for having
defied her," resumed the Emperor, his voice now
sounding clear as a bell, "and she insisted that Nimmie
Amee should never marry me.  Therefore she made the
enchanted axe cut off my other arm, and the tinsmith
also replaced that member with tin, including these
finely-jointed hands that you see me using. But, alas!
after that, the axe, still enchanted by the cruel
Witch, cut my body in two, so that I fell to the
ground. Then the Witch, who was watching from a near-by
bush, rushed up and seized the axe and chopped my body
into several small pieces, after which, thinking that
at last she had destroyed me, she ran away laughing in
wicked glee.

"But Nimmie Amee found me. She picked up my arms and
legs and head, and made a bundle of them and carried
them to the tinsmith, who set to work and made me a
fine body of pure tin. When he had joined the arms and
legs to the body, and set my head in the tin collar, I
was a much better man than ever, for my body could not
ache or pain me, and I was so beautiful and bright that
I had no need of clothing. Clothing is always a
nuisance, because it soils and tears and has to be
replaced; but my tin body only needs to be oiled and
polished.

"Nimmie Amee still declared she would marry me, as
she still loved me in spite of the Witch's evil deeds.
The girl declared I would make the brightest husband in
all the world, which was quite true. However, the
Wicked Witch was not yet defeated. When I returned to
my work the axe slipped and cut off my head, which was
the only meat part of me then remaining. Moreover, the
old woman grabbed up my severed head and carried it
away with her and hid it. But Nimmie Amee came into the
forest and found me wandering around helplessly,
because I could not see where to go, and she led me to
my friend the tinsmith. The faithful fellow at once set
to work to make me a tin head, and he had just
completed it when Nimmie Amee came running up with my
old head, which she had stolen from the Witch. But, on
reflection, I considered the tin head far superior to
the meat one -- I am wearing it yet, so you can see its
beauty and grace of outline -- and the girl agreed with
me that a man all made of tin was far more perfect than
one formed of different materials. The tinsmith was as
proud of his workmanship as I was, and for three whole
days, all admired me and praised my beauty. "Being now
completely formed of tin, I had no more fear of the
Wicked Witch, for she was powerless to injure me.
Nimmie Amee said we must be married at once, for then
she could come to my cottage and live with me and keep
me bright and sparkling.

"'I am sure, my dear Nick,' said the brave and
beautiful girl -- my name was then Nick Chopper, you
should be told -- 'that you will make the best husband
any girl could have. I shall not be obliged to cook for
you, for now you do not eat; I shall not have to make
your bed, for tin does not tire or require sleep; when
we go to a dance, you will not get weary before the
music stops and say you want to go home. All day long,
while you are chopping wood in the forest, I shall be
able to amuse myself in my own way -- a privilege few
wives enjoy. There is no temper in your new head, so
you will not get angry with me. Finally, I shall take
pride in being the wife of the only live Tin Woodman in
all the world!' Which shows that Nimmie Amee was as
wise as she was brave and beautiful."

"I think she was a very nice girl," said Woot the
Wanderer. "But, tell me, please, why were you not
killed when you were chopped to pieces?"

"In the Land of Oz," replied the Emperor, "no one can
ever be killed. A man with a wooden leg or a tin leg is
still the same man; and, as I lost parts of my meat
body by degrees, I always remained the same person as
in the beginning, even though in the end I was all tin
and no meat."

"I see," said the boy, thoughtfully. "And did you
marry Nimmie Amee?"

"No," answered the Tin Woodman, "I did not. She said
she still loved me, but I found that I no longer loved
her. My tin body contained no heart, and without a
heart no one can love. So the Wicked Witch conquered in
the end, and when I left the Munchkin Country of Oz,
the poor girl was still the slave of the Witch and had
to do her bidding day and night."

"Where did you go?" asked Woot.

"Well, I first started out to find a heart, so I
could love Nimmie Amee again; but hearts are more
scarce than one would think. One day, in a big forest
that was strange to me, my joints suddenly became
rusted, because I had forgotten to oil them. There I
stood, unable to move hand or foot. And there I
continued to stand -- while days came and went -- until
Dorothy and the Scarecrow came along and rescued me.
They oiled my joints and set me free, and I've taken
good care never to rust again."

"Who was this Dorothy?" questioned the Wanderer.

"A little girl who happened to be in a house when it
was carried by a cyclone all the way from Kansas to the
Land of Oz. When the house fell, in the Munchkin
Country, it fortunately landed on the Wicked Witch and
smashed her flat. It was a big house, and I think the
Witch is under it yet."

"No," said the Scarecrow, correcting him, "Dorothy
says the Witch turned to dust, and the wind scattered
the dust in every direction."

"Well," continued the Tin Woodman, "after meeting the
Scarecrow and Dorothy, I went with them to the Emerald
City, where the Wizard of Oz gave me a heart. But the
Wizard's stock of hearts was low, and he gave me a Kind
Heart instead of a Loving Heart, so that I could not
love Nimmie Amee any more than I did when I was
heartless."

"Couldn't the Wizard give you a heart that was both
Kind and Loving?" asked the boy.

"No; that was what I asked for, but he said he was so
short on hearts, just then, that there was but one in
stock, and I could take that or none at all. So I
accepted it, and I must say that for its kind it is a
very good heart indeed."

"It seems to me," said Woot, musingly, "that the
Wizard fooled you. It can't be a very Kind Heart, you
know."

"Why not?" demanded the Emperor.

"Because it was unkind of you to desert the girl who
loved you, and who had been faithful and true to you
when you were in trouble. Had the heart the Wizard gave
you been a Kind Heart, you would have gone back home
and made the beautiful Munchkin girl your wife, and
then brought her here to be an Empress and live in your
splendid tin castle."

The Tin Woodman was so surprised at this frank speech
that for a time he did nothing but stare hard at the
boy Wanderer. But the Scarecrow wagged his stuffed head
and said in a positive tone:

"This boy is right. I've often wondered, myself, why
you didn't go back and find that poor Munchkin girl."

Then the Tin Woodman stared hard at his friend the
Scarecrow. But finally he said in a serious tone of
voice:

"I must admit that never before have I thought of
such a thing as finding Nimmie Amee and making her
Empress of the Winkies. But it is surely not too late,
even now, to do this, for the girl must still be living
in the Munchkin Country. And, since this strange
Wanderer has reminded me of Nimmie Amee, I believe it
is my duty to set out and find her. Surely it is not
the girl's fault that I no longer love her, and so, if
I can make her happy, it is proper that I should do so,
and in this way reward her for her faithfulness."

"Quite right, my friend!" agreed the Scarecrow.

"Will you accompany me on this errand?" asked the Tin
Emperor.

"Of course," said the Scarecrow.

"And will you take me along?" pleaded Woot the
Wanderer in an eager voice.

"To be sure," said the Tin Woodman, "if you care to
join our party. It was you who first told me it was my
duty to find and marry Nimmie Amee, and I'd like you to
know that Nick Chopper, the Tin Emperor of the Winkies,
is a man who never shirks his duty, once it is pointed
out to him."

"It ought to be a pleasure, as well as a duty, if the
girl is so beautiful," said Woot, well pleased with the
idea of the adventure.

"Beautiful things may be admired, if not loved,"
asserted the Tin Man. "Flowers are beautiful, for
instance, but we are not inclined to marry them. Duty,
on the contrary, is a bugle call to action, whether you
are inclined to act, or not. In this case, I obey the
bugle call of duty."

"When shall we start?" inquired the Scarecrow, who
was always glad to embark upon a new adventure. "I
don't hear any bugle, but when do we go?"

"As soon as we can get ready," answered the Emperor.
"I'll call my servants at once and order them to make
preparations for our journey."




Chapter Three

Roundabout


Woot the Wanderer slept that night in the tin castle of
the Emperor of the Winkies and found his tin bed quite
comfortable. Early the next morning he rose and took a
walk through the gardens, where there were tin
fountains and beds of curious tin flowers, and where
tin birds perched upon the branches of tin trees and
sang songs that sounded like the notes of tin whistles.
All these wonders had been made by the clever Winkie
tinsmiths, who wound the birds up every morning so that
they would move about and sing.

After breakfast the boy went into the throne room,
where the Emperor was having his tin joints carefully
oiled by a servant, while other servants were stuffing
sweet, fresh straw into the body of the Scarecrow.

Woot watched this operation with much interest, for
the Scarecrow's body was only a suit of clothes filled
with straw. The coat was buttoned tight to keep the
packed straw from falling out and a rope was tied
around the waist to hold it in shape and prevent the
straw from sagging down. The Scarecrow's head was a
gunnysack filled with bran, on which the eyes, nose and
mouth had been painted. His hands were white cotton
gloves stuffed with fine straw. Woot noticed that even
when carefully stuffed and patted into shape, the straw
man was awkward in his movements and decidedly wobbly
on his feet, so the boy wondered if the Scarecrow would
be able to travel with them all the way to the forests
of the Munchkin Country of Oz.

The preparations made for this important journey were
very simple. A knapsack was filled with food and given
Woot the Wanderer to carry upon his back, for the food
was for his use alone. The Tin Woodman shouldered an
axe which was sharp and brightly polished, and the
Scarecrow put the Emperor's oil-can in his pocket, that
he might oil his friend's joints should they need it.

"Who will govern the Winkie Country during your
absence?" asked the boy.

"Why, the Country will run itself," answered the
Emperor. "As a matter of fact, my people do not need an
Emperor, for Ozma of Oz watches over the welfare of all
her subjects, including the Winkies. Like a good many
kings and emperors, I have a grand title, but very
little real power, which allows me time to amuse myself
in my own way. The people of Oz have but one law to
obey, which is: 'Behave Yourself,' so it is easy for
them to abide by this Law, and you'll notice they
behave very well. But it is time for us to be off, and
I am eager to start because I suppose that that poor
Munchkin girl is anxiously awaiting my coming."

"She's waited a long time already, seems to me,"
remarked the Scarecrow, as they left the grounds of the
castle and followed a path that led eastward.

"True," replied the Tin Woodman; "but I've noticed
that the last end of a wait, however long it has been,
is the hardest to endure; so I must try to make Nimmie
Amee happy as soon as possible."

"Ah; that proves you have a Kind heart," remarked the
Scarecrow, approvingly.

"It's too bad he hasn't a Loving Heart," said Woot.
"This Tin Man is going to marry a nice girl through
kindness, and not because he loves her, and somehow
that doesn't seem quite right."

"Even so, I am not sure it isn't best for the girl,"
said the Scarecrow, who seemed very intelligent for a
straw man, "for a loving husband is not always kind,
while a kind husband is sure to make any girl content."

"Nimmie Amee will become an Empress!" announced the
Tin Woodman, proudly. "I shall have a tin gown made for
her, with tin ruffles and tucks on it, and she shall
have tin slippers, and tin earrings and bracelets, and
wear a tin crown on her head. I am sure that will
delight Nimmie Amee, for all girls are fond of finery."

"Are we going to the Munchkin Country by way of the
Emerald City?" inquired the Scarecrow, who looked upon
the Tin Woodman as the leader of the party.

"I think not," was the reply. "We are engaged upon a
rather delicate adventure, for we are seeking a girl
who fears her former lover has forgotten her. It will
be rather hard for me, you must admit, when I confess
to Nimmie Amee that I have come to marry her because it
is my duty to do so, and therefore the fewer witnesses
there are to our meeting the better for both of us.
After I have found Nimmie Amee and she has managed to
control her joy at our reunion, I shall take her to the
Emerald City and introduce her to Ozma and Dorothy, and
to Betsy Bobbin and Tiny Trot, and all our other
friends; but, if I remember rightly, poor Nimmie Amee
has a sharp tongue when angry, and she may be a trifle
angry with me, at first, because I have been so long in
coming to her."

"I can understand that," said Woot gravely. "But how
can we get to that part of the Munchkin Country where
you once lived without passing through the Emerald
City?"

"Why, that is easy," the Tin Man assured him.

"I have a map of Oz in my pocket," persisted the boy,
"and it shows that the Winkie Country, where we now
are, is at the west of Oz, and the Munchkin Country at
the east, while directly between them lies the Emerald
City."

"True enough; but we shall go toward the north, first
of all, into the Gillikin Country, and so pass around
the Emerald City," explained the Tin Woodman.

"That may prove a dangerous journey," replied the
boy. "I used to live in one of the top corners of the
Gillikin Country, near to Oogaboo, and I have been told
that in this northland country are many people whom it
is not pleasant to meet. I was very careful to avoid
them during my journey south."

"A Wanderer should have no fear," observed the
Scarecrow, who was wobbling along in a funny, haphazard
manner, but keeping pace with his friends.

"Fear does not make one a coward," returned Woot,
growing a little red in the face, "but I believe it is
more easy to avoid danger than to overcome it. The
safest way is the best way, even for one who is brave
and determined."

"Do not worry, for we shall not go far to the north,"
said the Emperor. "My one idea is to avoid the Emerald
City without going out of our way more than is
necessary. Once around the Emerald City we will turn
south into the Munchkin Country, where the Scarecrow
and I are well acquainted and have many friends."

"I have traveled some in the Gillikin Country,"
remarked the Scarecrow, "and while I must say I have
met some strange people there at times, I have never
yet been harmed by them."

"Well, it's all the same to me," said Woot, with
assumed carelessness. "Dangers, when they cannot be
avoided, are often quite interesting, and I am willing
to go wherever you two venture to go."

So they left the path they had been following and
began to travel toward the northeast, and all that day
they were in the pleasant Winkie Country, and all the
people they met saluted the Emperor with great respect
and wished him good luck on his journey. At night they
stopped at a house where they were well entertained and
where Woot was given a comfortable bed to sleep in.

"Were the Scarecrow and I alone," said the Tin
Woodman, "we would travel by night as well as by day;
but with a meat person in our party, we must halt at
night to permit him to rest."

"Meat tires, after a day's travel," added the
Scarecrow, "while straw and tin never tire at all.
Which proves," said he, "that we are somewhat superior
to people made in the common way."

Woot could not deny that he was tired, and he slept
soundly until morning, when he was given a good
breakfast, smoking hot.

"You two miss a great deal by not eating," he said to
his companions.

"It is true," responded the Scarecrow. "We miss
suffering from hunger, when food cannot be had, and we
miss a stomachache, now and then."

As he said this, the Scarecrow glanced at the Tin
Woodman, who nodded his assent.

All that second day they traveled steadily,
entertaining one another the while with stories of
adventures they had formerly met and listening to the
Scarecrow recite poetry. He had learned a great many
poems from Professor Wogglebug and loved to repeat them
whenever anybody would listen to him. Of course Woot
and the Tin Woodman now listened, because they could
not do otherwise -- unless they rudely ran away from
their stuffed comrade. One of the Scarecrow's
recitations was like this:

  "What sound is so sweet
  As the straw from the wheat
When it crunkles so tender and low?
  It is yellow and bright,
  So it gives me delight
To crunkle wherever I go.


  "Sweet, fresh, golden Straw!
  There is surely no flaw
In a stuffing so clean and compact.
  It creaks when I walk,
  And it thrills when I talk,
And its fragrance is fine, for a fact.
  "To cut me don't hurt,

  For I've no blood to squirt,
And I therefore can suffer no pain;
  The straw that I use
  Doesn't lump up or bruise,
Though it's pounded again and again!


  "I know it is said
  That my beautiful head
Has brains of mixed wheat-straw and bran,
  But my thoughts are so good
  I'd not change, if I could,
For the brains of a common meat man.


  "Content with my lot,
  I'm glad that I'm not
Like others I meet day by day;
  If my insides get musty,
  Or mussed-up, or dusty,
I get newly stuffed right away."




Chapter Four

The Loons of Loonville


Toward evening, the travelers found there was no longer
a path to guide them, and the purple hues of the grass
and trees warned them that they were now in the Country
of the Gillikins, where strange peoples dwelt in places
that were quite unknown to the other inhabitants of Oz.
The fields were wild and uncultivated and there were no
houses of any sort to be seen. But our friends kept on
walking even after the sun went down, hoping to find a
good place for Woot the Wanderer to sleep; but when it
grew quite dark and the boy was weary with his long
walk, they halted right in the middle of a field and
allowed Woot to get his supper from the food he carried
in his knapsack. Then the Scarecrow laid himself down,
so that Woot could use his stuffed body as a pillow,
and the Tin Woodman stood up beside them all night, so
the dampness of the ground might not rust his joints or
dull his brilliant polish. Whenever the dew settled on
his body he carefully wiped it off with a cloth, and so
in the morning the Emperor shone as brightly as ever in
the rays of the rising sun.

They wakened the boy at daybreak, the Scarecrow
saying to him:

"We have discovered something queer, and therefore we
must counsel together what to do about it."

"What have you discovered?" asked Woot, rubbing the
sleep from his eyes with his knuckles and giving three
wide yawns to prove he was fully awake.

"A Sign," said the Tin Woodman. "A Sign, and another path."

"What does the Sign say?" inquired the boy.

"It says that 'All Strangers are Warned not to Follow
this Path to Loonville,'" answered the Scarecrow, who
could read very well when his eyes had been freshly
painted.

"In that case," said the boy, opening his knapsack to
get some breakfast, "let us travel in some other
direction."

But this did not seem to please either of his
companions.

"I'd like to see what Loonville looks like," remarked
the Tin Woodman.

"When one travels, it is foolish to miss any
interesting sight," added the Scarecrow.

"But a warning means danger," protested Woot the
Wanderer, "and I believe it sensible to keep out of
danger whenever we can."

They made no reply to this speech for a while. Then
said the Scarecrow:

"I have escaped so many dangers, during my lifetime,
that I am not much afraid of anything that can happen."

"Nor am I!" exclaimed the Tin Woodman, swinging his
glittering axe around his tin head, in a series of
circles. "Few things can injure tin, and my axe is a
powerful weapon to use against a foe. But our boy
friend," he continued, looking solemnly at Woot, "might
perhaps be injured if the people of Loonville are
really dangerous; so I propose he waits here while you
and I, Friend Scarecrow, visit the forbidden City of
Loonville."

"Don't worry about me," advised Woot, calmly.
"Wherever you wish to go, I will go, and share your
dangers. During my wanderings I have found it more wise
to keep out of danger than to venture in, but at that
time I was alone, and now I have two powerful friends
to protect me."

So, when he had finished his breakfast, they all set
out along the path that led to Loonville.

"It is a place I have never heard of before,"
remarked the Scarecrow, as they approached a dense
forest. "The inhabitants may be people, of some sort,
or they may be animals, but whatever they prove to be,
we will have an interesting story to relate to Dorothy
and Ozma on our return."

The path led into the forest, but the big trees grew
so closely together and the vines and underbrush were
so thick and matted that they had to clear a path at
each step in order to proceed. In one or two places the
Tin Man, who went first to clear the way, cut the
branches with a blow of his axe. Woot followed next,
and last of the three came the Scarecrow, who could not
have kept the path at all had not his comrades broken
the way for his straw-stuffed body.

Presently the Tin Woodman pushed his way through some
heavy underbrush, and almost tumbled headlong into a
vast cleared space in the forest. The clearing was
circular, big and roomy, yet the top branches of the
tall trees reached over and formed a complete dome or
roof for it. Strangely enough, it was not dark in this
immense natural chamber in the woodland, for the place
glowed with a soft, white light that seemed to come
from some unseen source.

In the chamber were grouped dozens of queer
creatures, and these so astonished the Tin Man that
Woot had to push his metal body aside, that he might
see, too. And the Scarecrow pushed Woot aside, so that
the three travelers stood in a row, staring with all
their eyes.

The creatures they beheld were round and ball-like;
round in body, round in legs and arms, round in hands
and feet and round of head.  The only exception to the
roundness was a slight hollow on the top of each head,
making it saucer-shaped instead of dome-shaped. They
wore no clothes on their puffy bodies, nor had they any
hair. Their skins were all of a light gray color, and
their eyes were mere purple spots. Their noses were as
puffy as the rest of them.

"Are they rubber, do you think?" asked the Scarecrow,
who noticed that the creatures bounded, as they moved,
and seemed almost as light as air.

"It is difficult to tell what they are," answered
Woot, "they seem to be covered with warts."

The Loons -- for so these folks were called -- had
been doing many things, some playing together, some
working at tasks and some gathered in groups to talk;
but at the sound of strange voices, which echoed rather
loudly through the clearing, all turned in the
direction of the intruders.  Then, in a body, they all
rushed forward, running and bounding with tremendous
speed.

The Tin Woodman was so surprised by this sudden dash
that he had no time to raise his axe before the Loons
were on them. The creatures swung their puffy hands,
which looked like boxing-gloves, and pounded the three
travelers as hard as they could, on all sides. The
blows were quite soft and did not hurt our friends at
all, but the onslaught quite bewildered them, so that
in a brief period all three were knocked over and fell
flat upon the ground. Once down, many of the Loons
held them, to prevent their getting up again, while
others wound long tendrils of vines about them, binding
their arms and legs to their bodies and so rendering
them helpless.

"Aha!" cried the biggest Loon of all; "we've got 'em
safe; so let's carry 'em to King Bal and have 'em
tried, and condemned and perforated!" They had to drag
their captives to the center of the domed chamber, for
their weight, as compared with that of the Loons,
prevented their being carried. Even the Scarecrow was
much heavier than the puffy Loons. But finally the
party halted before a raised platform, on which stood a
sort of throne, consisting of a big, wide chair with a
string tied to one arm of it. This string led upward to
the roof of the dome.

Arranged before the platform, the prisoners were
allowed to sit up, facing the empty throne.

"Good!" said the big Loon who had commanded the
party. "Now to get King Bal to judge these terrible
creatures we have so bravely captured."

As he spoke he took hold of the string and began to
pull as hard as he could. One or two of the others
helped him and pretty soon, as they drew in the cord,
the leaves above them parted and a Loon appeared at the
other end of the string. It didn't take long to draw
him down to the throne, where he seated himself and was
tied in, so he wouldn't float upward again.

"Hello," said the King, blinking his purple eyes at
his followers; "what's up now!"

"Strangers, your Majesty -- strangers and captives,"
replied the big Loon, pompously

"Dear me!  I see 'em. I see 'em very plainly,"
exclaimed the King, his purple eyes bulging out as he
looked at the three prisoners. "What curious animals!
Are they dangerous, do you think, my good Panta?"

"I'm 'fraid so, your Majesty. Of course, they may not
be dangerous, but we mustn't take chances. Enough
accidents happen to us poor Loons as it is, and my
advice is to condemn and perforate 'em as quickly as
possible."

"Keep your advice to yourself," said the monarch, in
a peeved tone. "Who's King here, anyhow? You or Me?"

"We made you our King because you have less common
sense than the rest of us," answered Panta Loon,
indignantly. "I could have been King myself, had I
wanted to, but I didn't care for the hard work and
responsibility."

As he said this, the big Loon strutted back and forth
in the space between the throne of King Bal and the
prisoners, and the other Loons seemed much impressed by
his defiance. But suddenly there came a sharp report
and Panta Loon instantly disappeared, to the great
astonishment of the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman and Woot
the Wanderer, who saw on the spot where the big fellow
had stood a little heap of flabby, wrinkled skin that
looked like a collapsed rubber balloon.

"There!" exclaimed the King; "I expected that would
happen. The conceited rascal wanted to puff himself up
until he was bigger than the rest of you, and this is
the result of his folly. Get the pump working, some of
you, and blow him up again."

"We will have to mend the puncture first, your
Majesty," suggested one of the Loons, and the prisoners
noticed that none of them seemed surprised or shocked
at the sad accident to Panta.

"All right," grumbled the King. "Fetch Til to mend
him."

One or two ran away and presently returned, followed
by a lady Loon wearing huge, puffed-up rubber skirts.
Also she had a purple feather fastened to a wart on the
top of her head, and around her waist was a sash of
fibre-like vines, dried and tough, that looked like
strings.

"Get to work, Til," commanded King Bal. "Panta has
just exploded."

The lady Loon picked up the bunch of skin and
examined it carefully until she discovered a hole in
one foot. Then she pulled a strand of string from her
sash, and drawing the edges of the hole together. she
tied them fast with the string, thus making one of
those curious warts which the strangers had noticed on
so many Loons. Having done this, Til Loon tossed the
bit of skin to the other Loons and was about to go away
when she noticed the prisoners and stopped to inspect
them.

"Dear me!" said Til; "what dreadful creatures. Where
did they come from?"

"We captured them," replied one of the Loons.

"And what are we going to do with them?" inquired the
girl Loon.

"Perhaps we'll condemn 'em and puncture 'em,"
answered the King.

"Well," said she, still eyeing the  "I'm not sure
they'll puncture. Let's try it, and see."

One of the Loons ran to the forest's edge and quickly
returned with a long, sharp thorn. He glanced at the
King, who nodded his head in assent, and then he rushed
forward and stuck the thorn into the leg of the
Scarecrow. The Scarecrow merely smiled and said
nothing, for the thorn didn't hurt him at all.

Then the Loon tried to prick the Tin Woodman's leg,
but the tin only blunted the point of the thorn.

"Just as I thought," said Til, blinking her purple
eyes and shaking her puffy head; but just then the Loon
stuck the thorn into the leg of Woot the Wanderer, and
while it had been blunted somewhat, it was still sharp
enough to hurt.

"Ouch!" yelled Woot, and kicked out his leg with so
much energy that the frail bonds that tied him burst
apart. His foot caught the Loon -- who was leaning over
him -- full on his puffy stomach, and sent him shooting
up into the air. When he was high over their heads he
exploded with a loud "pop" and his skin fell to the
ground.

"I really believe," said the King, rolling his
spotlike eyes in a frightened way, "that Panta was
right in claiming these prisoners are dangerous. Is
the pump ready?"

Some of the Loons had wheeled a big machine in front
of the throne and now took Panta's skin and began to
pump air into it. Slowly it swelled out until the King
cried "Stop!"

"No, no!" yelled Panta, "I'm not big enough yet."
"You're as big as you're going to be," declared the
King. "Before you exploded you were bigger than the
rest of us, and that caused you to be proud and
overbearing. Now you're a little smaller than the rest,
and you will last longer and be more humble."

"Pump me up -- pump me up!" wailed Panta "If you
don't you'll break my heart."

"If we do we'll break your skin," replied the King.

So the Loons stopped pumping air into Panta, and
pushed him away from the pump. He was certainly more
humble than before his accident, for he crept into the
background and said nothing more.

"Now pump up the other one," ordered the King. Til
had already mended him, and the Loons set to work to
pump him full of air.

During these last few moments none had paid much
attention to the prisoners, so Woot, finding his legs
free, crept over to the Tin Woodman and rubbed the
bonds that were still around his arms and body against
the sharp edge of the axe, which quickly cut them.

The boy was now free, and the thorn which the Loon
had stuck into his leg was lying unnoticed on the
ground, where the creature had dropped it when he
exploded. Woot leaned forward and picked up the thorn,
and while the Loons were busy watching the pump, the
boy sprang to his feet and suddenly rushed upon the
group.

"Pop" -- "pop" -- "pop!" went three of the Loons,
when the Wanderer pricked them with his thorn, and at
the sounds the others looked around and saw their
danger. With yells of fear they bounded away in all
directions, scattering about the clearing, with Woot
the Wanderer in full chase. While they could run much
faster than the boy, they often stumbled and fell, or
got in one another's way, so he managed to catch
several and prick them with his thorn.

It astonished him to see how easily the Loons
exploded. When the air was let out of them they were
quite helpless. Til Loon was one of those who ran
against his thorn and many others suffered the same
fate. The creatures could not escape from the
enclosure, but in their fright many bounded upward and
caught branches of the trees, and then climbed out of
reach of the dreaded thorn.

Woot was getting pretty tired chasing them, so he
stopped and came over, panting, to where his friends
were sitting, still bound.

"Very well done, my Wanderer," said the Tin Woodman.
"It is evident that we need fear these puffed-up
creatures no longer, so be kind enough to unfasten our
bonds and we will proceed upon our journey."

Woot untied the bonds of the Scarecrow and helped him
to his feet. Then he freed the Tin Woodman, who got up
without help. Looking around them, they saw that the
only Loon now remaining within reach was Bal Loon, the
King, who had remained seated in his throne, watching
the punishment of his people with a bewildered look in
his purple eyes.

"Shall I puncture the King?" the boy asked his
companions.

King Bal must have overheard the question, for he
fumbled with the cord that fastened him to the throne
and managed to release it. Then he floated upward until
he reached the leafy dome, and parting the branches he
disappeared from sight. But the string that was tied to
his body was still connected with the arm of the
throne, and they knew they could pull his Majesty down
again, if they wanted to.

"Let him alone," suggested the Scarecrow. "He seems a
good enough king for his peculiar people, and after we
are gone, the Loons will have something of a job to
pump up all those whom Woot has punctured."

"Every one of them ought to be exploded," declared
Woot, who was angry because his leg still hurt him.

"No," said the Tin Woodman, "that would not be just
fair. They were quite right to capture us, because we
had no business to intrude here, having been warned to
keep away from Loonville. This is their country, not
ours, and since the poor things can't get out of the
clearing, they can harm no one save those who venture
here out of curiosity, as we did."

"Well said, my friend," agreed tile Scarecrow. "We
really had no right to disturb their peace and comfort;
so let us go away."

They easily found the place where they had forced
their way into the enclosure, so the Tin Woodman pushed
aside the underbrush and started first along the path.
The Scarecrow followed next and last came Woot, who
looked back and saw that the Loons were still clinging
to their perches on the trees and watching their former
captives with frightened eyes.

"I guess they're glad to see the last of us,"
remarked the boy, and laughing at the happy ending of
the adventure, he followed his comrades along the path.




Chapter Five

Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess


When they had reached the end of the path, where they
had first seen the warning sign, they set off across
the country in an easterly direction. Before long they
reached Rolling Lands, which were a succession of hills
and valleys where constant climbs and descents were
required, and their journey now became tedious, because
on climbing each hill, they found before them nothing
in the valley below it except grass, or weeds or
stones.

Up and down they went for hours, with nothing to
relieve the monotony of the landscape, until finally,
when they had topped a higher hill than usual, they
discovered a cup-shaped valley before them in the
center of which stood an enormous castle, built of
purple stone.  The castle was high and broad and
long, but had no turrets and towers. So far as they
could see, there was but one small window and one
big door on each side of the great building.

"This is strange!" mused the Scarecrow. "I'd no idea
such a big castle existed in this Gillikin Country. I
wonder who lives here?"

"It seems to me, from this distance," remarked the
Tin Woodman, "that it's the biggest castle I ever saw.
It is really too big for any use, and no one could open
or shut those big doors without a stepladder."

"Perhaps, if we go nearer, we shall find out whether
anybody lives there or not," suggested Woot. "Looks to
me as if nobody lived there."

On they went, and when they reached the center of the
valley, where the great stone castle stood, it was
beginning to grow dark. So they hesitated as to what to
do.

"If friendly people happen to live here," said Woot.
I shall be glad of a bed; but should enemies occupy the
place, I prefer to sleep upon the ground."

"And if no one at all lives here," added the
Scarecrow, "we can enter, and take possession, and
make ourselves at home."

While speaking he went nearer to one of the great
doors, which was three times as high and broad as any
he had ever seen in a house before, and then he
discovered, engraved in big letters upon a stone over
the doorway, the words:

"YOOP CASTLE"

"Oho!" he exclaimed; "I know the place now. This was
probably the home of Mr. Yoop, a terrible giant whom I
have seen confined in a cage, a long way from here.
Therefore this castle is likely to be empty and we may
use it in any way we please."

"Yes, yes," said the Tin Emperor, nodding; "I also
remember Mr. Yoop. But how are we to get into his
deserted castle? The latch of the door is so far above
our heads that none of us can reach it."

They considered this problem for a while, and then
Woot said to the Tin Man:

"If I stand upon your shoulders, I think I can
unlatch the door."

"Climb up, then," was the reply, and when the boy was
perched upon the tin shoulders of Nick Chopper, he was
just able to reach the latch and raise it.

At once the door swung open, its great hinges making
a groaning sound as if in protest, so Woot leaped down
and followed his companions into a big, bare hallway.
Scarcely were the three inside, however, when they
heard the door slam shut behind them, and this
astonished them because no one had touched it. It had
closed of its own accord, as if by magic. Moreover,
the latch was on the outside, and the thought occurred
to each one of them that they were now prisoners in
this unknown castle.

"However," mumbled the Scarecrow, "we are not to
blame for what cannot be helped; so let us push bravely
ahead and see what may be seen."

It was quite dark in the hallway, now that the
outside door was shut, so as they stumbled along a
stone passage they kept close together, not knowing
what danger was likely to befall them.

Suddenly a soft glow enveloped them. It grew
brighter, until they could see their surroundings
distinctly. They had reached the end of the passage and
before them was another huge door. This noiselessly
swung open before them, without the help of anyone, and
through the doorway they observed a big chamber, the
walls of which were lined with plates of pure gold,
highly polished.

This room was also lighted, although they could
discover no lamps, and in the center of it was a great
table at which sat an immense woman. She was clad in
silver robes embroidered with gay floral designs, and
wore over this splendid raiment a short apron of
elaborate lace-work. Such an apron was no protection,
and was not in keeping with the handsome gown, but the
huge woman wore it, nevertheless. The table at which
she sat was spread with a white cloth and had golden
dishes upon it, so the travelers saw that they had
surprised the Giantess while she was eating her supper.

She had her back toward them and did not even turn
around, but taking a biscuit from a dish she began to
butter it and said in a voice that was big and deep but
not especially unpleasant:

"Why don't you come in and allow the door to shut?
You're causing a draught, and I shall catch cold and
sneeze. When I sneeze, I get cross, and when I get
cross I'm liable to do something wicked. Come in, you
foolish strangers; come in!"

Being thus urged, they entered the room and
approached the table, until they stood where they faced
the great Giantess. She continued eating, but smiled in
a curious way as she looked at them. Woot noticed that
the door had closed silently after they had entered,
and that didn't please him at all.

"Well," said the Giantess, "what excuse have you to
offer?"

"We didn't know anyone lived here, Madam," explained
the Scarecrow; "so, being travelers and strangers in
these parts, and wishing to find a place for our boy
friend to sleep, we ventured to enter your castle."

"You knew it was private property, I suppose?" said
she, buttering another biscuit.

"We saw the words, 'Yoop Castle,' over the door, but
we knew that Mr. Yoop is a prisoner in a cage in a far-
off part of the land of Oz, so we decided there was no
one now at home and that we might use the castle for
the night."

"I see," remarked the Giantess, nodding her head and
smiling again in that curious way -- a way that made
Woot shudder. "You didn't know that Mr. Yoop was
married, or that after he was cruelly captured his wife
still lived in his castle and ran it to suit herself."

"Who captured Mr. Yoop?" asked Woot, looking gravely
at the big woman.

"Wicked enemies. People who selfishly objected to
Yoop's taking their cows and sheep for his food. I must
admit, however, that Yoop had a bad temper, and had the
habit of knocking over a few houses, now and then, when
he was angry. So one day the little folks came in a
great crowd and captured Mr. Yoop, and carried him away
to a cage somewhere in the mountains. I don't know
where it is, and I don't care, for my husband treated
me badly at times, forgetting the respect a giant owes
to a giantess. Often he kicked me on my shins, when I
wouldn't wait on him. So I'm glad he is gone."

"It's a wonder the people didn't capture you, too,"
remarked Woot.

"Well, I was too clever for them," said she, giving a
sudden laugh that caused such a breeze that the wobbly
Scarecrow was almost blown off his feet and had to grab
his friend Nick Chopper to steady himself. "I saw the
people coining," continued Mrs. Yoop, "and knowing they
meant mischief I transformed myself into a mouse and
hid in a cupboard. After they had gone away, carrying
my shin-kicking husband with them, I transformed myself
back to my former shape again, and here I've lived in
peace and comfort ever since."

"Are you a Witch, then? " inquired Woot.

"Well, not exactly a Witch," she replied, "but I'm an
Artist in Transformations. In other words, I'm more of
a Yookoohoo than a Witch, and of course you know that
the Yookoohoos are the cleverest magic-workers in the
world."

The travelers were silent for a time, uneasily
considering this statement and the effect it might have
on their future. No doubt the Giantess had wilfully
made them her prisoners; yet she spoke so cheerfully,
in her big voice, that until now they had not been
alarmed in the least.

By and by the Scarecrow, whose mixed brains had been
working steadily, asked the woman:

"Are we to consider you our friend, Mrs. Yoop, or do
you intend to be our enemy?"

"I never have friends," she said in a matter-of-fact
tone, "because friends get too familiar and always
forget to mind their own business. But I am not your
enemy; not yet, anyhow. Indeed, I'm glad you've come,
for my life here is rather lonely. I've had no one to
talk to since I transformed Polychrome, the Daughter of
the Rainbow, into a canary-bird."

"How did you manage to do that?" asked the Tin
Woodman, in amazement. "Polychrome is a powerful
fairy!"

"She was," said the Giantess; "but now she's a
canary-bird. One day after a rain, Polychrome danced
off the Rainbow and fell asleep on a little mound in
this valley, not far from my castle. The sun came out
and drove the Rainbow away, and before Poly wakened, I
stole out and transformed her into a canary-bird in a
gold cage studded with diamonds. The cage was so she
couldn't fly away. I expected she'd sing and talk and
we'd have good times together; but she has proved no
company for me at all. Ever since the moment of her
transformation, she has refused to speak a single
word."

"Where is she now?" inquired Woot, who had heard tales
of lovely Polychrome and was much interested in her.

"The cage is hanging up in my bedroom," said the
Giantess, eating another biscuit. The travelers were
now  more uneasy and suspicious of the Giantess than
before. If Polychrome, the Rainbow's Daughter, who was
a real fairy, had been transformed and enslaved by this
huge woman, who claimed to be a Yookoohoo, what was
liable to happen to them? Said the Scarecrow, twisting
his stuffed head around in Mrs. Yoop's direction:

"Do you know, Ma'am, who we are?"

"Of course," said she; "a straw man, a tin man and a boy."

"We are very important people," declared the Tin Woodman.

"All the better," she replied. "I shall enjoy your
society the more on that account. For I mean to keep
you here as long as I live, to amuse me when I get
lonely. And," she added slowly, "in this Valley no one
ever dies."

They didn't like this speech at all, so the Scarecrow
frowned in a way that made Mrs. Yoop smile, while
the Tin Woodman looked so fierce that Mrs. Yoop
laughed. The Scarecrow suspected she was going to
laugh, so he slipped behind his friends to escape the
wind from her breath.  From this safe position he
said warningly:

"We have powerful friends who will soon come to
rescue us."

"Let them come," she returned, with an accent of
scorn. "When they get here they will find neither a
boy, nor a tin man, nor a scarecrow, for tomorrow
morning I intend to transform you all into other
shapes, so that you cannot be recognized."

This threat filled them with dismay. The good-natured
Giantess was more terrible than they had imagined. She
could smile and wear pretty clothes and at the same
time be even more cruel than her wicked husband had been.

Both the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman tried to
think of some way to escape from the castle before
morning, but she seemed to read their thoughts and
shook her head.

"Don't worry your poor brains," said she. "You can't
escape me, however hard you try. But why should you
wish to escape? I shall give you new forms that are
much better than the ones you now have. Be contented
with your fate, for discontent leads to unhappiness,
and unhappiness, in any form, is the greatest evil that
can befall you."

"What forms do you intend to give us?" asked Woot
earnestly.

"I haven't decided, as yet. I'll dream over it
tonight, so in the morning I shall have made up my mind
how to transform you. Perhaps you'd prefer to choose
your own transformations?"

"No," said Woot, "I prefer to remain as I am."

"That's funny," she retorted. "You are little, and
you're weak; as you are, you're not much account,
anyhow. The best thing about you is that you're alive,
for I shall be able to make of you some sort of live
creature which will be a great improvement on your
present form."

She took another biscuit from a plate and dipped it
in a pot of honey and calmly began eating it.

The Scarecrow watched her thoughtfully.

"There are no fields of grain in your Valley," said he;
"where, then. did you get the flour to make your biscuits?"

"Mercy me! do you think I'd bother to make biscuits
out of flour?" she replied. "That is altogether too
tedious a process for a Yookoohoo. I set some traps
this afternoon and caught a lot of field-mice, but as I
do not like to eat mice, I transformed them into hot
biscuits for my supper. The honey in this pot was once
a wasp's nest, but since being transformed it has
become sweet and delicious. All I need do, when I wish
to eat, is to take something I don't care to keep, and
transform it into any sort of food I like, and eat it.
Are you hungry?"

"I don't eat, thank you," said the Scarecrow.

"Nor do I," said the Tin Woodman.

"I have still a little natural food in my knapsack,"
said Woot the Wanderer, "and I'd rather eat that than
any wasp's nest."

"Every one to his taste," said the Giantess
carelessly, and having now finished her supper she rose
to her feet, clapped her hands together, and the supper
table at once disappeared.




Chapter Six

The Magic of a Yookoohoo


Woot had seen very little of magic during his
wanderings, while the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman had
seen a great deal of many sorts in their lives, yet all
three were greatly impressed by Mrs. Yoop's powers. She
did not affect any mysterious airs or indulge in chants
or mystic rites, as most witches do, nor was the
Giantess old and ugly or disagreeable in face or
manner. Nevertheless, she frightened her prisoners more
than any witch could have done.

"Please be seated," she said to them, as she sat
herself down in a great arm-chair and spread her
beautiful embroidered skirts for them to admire. But
all the chairs in the room were so high that our
friends could not climb to the seats of them. Mrs. Yoop
observed this and waved her hand, when instantly a
golden ladder appeared leaning against a chair opposite
her own.

"Climb up," said she, and they obeyed, the Tin Man
and the boy assisting the more clumsy Scarecrow. When
they were all seated in a row on the cushion of the
chair, the Giantess continued: "Now tell me how you
happened to travel in this direction, and where you
came from and what your errand is."

So the Tin Woodman told her all about Nimmie Amee,
and how he had decided to find her and marry her,
although he had no Loving Heart. The story seemed to
amuse the big woman, who then began to ask the
Scarecrow questions and for the first time in her life
heard of Ozma of Oz, and of Dorothy and Jack
Pumpkinhead and Dr. Pipt and Tik-tok and many other Oz
people who are well known in the Emerald City. Also
Woot had to tell his story, which. was very simple and
did not take long. The Giantess laughed heartily when
the boy related their adventure at Loonville, but said
she knew nothing of the Loons because she never left
her Valley.

"There are wicked people who would like to capture
me, as they did my giant husband, Mr. Yoop," said she;
"so I stay at home and mind my own business."

"If Ozma knew that you dared to work magic without
her consent, she would punish you severely," declared
the Scarecrow, "for this castle is in the Land of Oz,
and no persons in the Land of Oz are permitted to work
magic except Glinda the Good and the little Wizard who
lives with Ozma in the Emerald City."

"That for your Ozma!" exclaimed the Giantess,
snapping her fingers in derision. "What do I care for a
girl whom I have never seen and who has never seen me?"

"But Ozma is a fairy," said the Tin Woodman, and
therefore she is very powerful. Also, we are under
Ozma's protection, and to injure us in any way would
make her extremely angry."

"What I do here, in my own private castle in this
secluded Valley -- where no one comes but fools like
you -- can never be known to your fairy Ozma," returned
the Giantess. "Do not seek to frighten me from my
purpose, and do not allow yourselves to be frightened,
for it is best to meet bravely what cannot be avoided.
I am now going to bed, and in the morning I will give
you all new forms, such as will be more interesting to
me than the ones you now wear. Good night, and pleasant dreams."

Saying this, Mrs. Yoop rose from her chair and walked
through a doorway into another room. So heavy was the
tread of the Giantess that even the walls of the big
stone castle trembled as she stepped. She closed the
door of her bedroom behind her, and then suddenly the
light went out and the three prisoners found themselves
in total darkness.

The Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow didn't mind the
dark at all, but Woot the Wanderer felt worried to be
left in this strange place in this strange manner,
without being able to see any danger that might threaten.

"The big woman might have given me a bed, anyhow," he
said to his companions, and scarcely had he spoken when
he felt something press against his legs, which were
then dangling from the seat of the chair. Leaning down,
he put out his hand and found that a bedstead had
appeared, with mattress, sheets and covers, all
complete. He lost no time in slipping down upon the bed
and was soon fast asleep.

During the night the Scarecrow and the Emperor talked
in low tones together, and they got out of the chair
and moved all about the room, feeling for some hidden
spring that might open a door or window and permit them
to escape.

Morning found them still unsuccessful in the quest
and as soon as it was daylight Woot's bed suddenly
disappeared, and he dropped to the floor with a thump
that quickly wakened him. And after a time the Giantess
came from her bedroom, wearing another dress that was
quite as elaborate as the one in which she had been
attired the evening before, and also wearing the pretty
lace apron. Having seated herself in a chair, she said:

"I'm hungry; so I'll have breakfast at once."

She clapped her hands together and instantly the
table appeared before her, spread with snowy linen
and laden with golden dishes. But there was no
food upon the table, nor anything else except a
pitcher of water, a bundle of weeds and a handful
of pebbles. But the Giantess poured some water into
her coffee-pot, patted it once or twice with her hand,
and then poured out a cupful of steaming hot coffee.

"Would you like some?" she asked Woot.

He was suspicious of magic coffee, but it smelled so
good that he could not resist it; so he answered: "If
you please, Madam."

The Giantess poured out another cup and set it on the
floor for Woot. It was as big as a tub, and the golden
spoon in the saucer beside the cup was so heavy the boy
could scarcely lift it. But Woot managed to get a sip
of the coffee and found it delicious.

Mrs. Yoop next transformed the weeds into a dish of
oatmeal, which she ate with good appetite.

"Now, then," said she, picking up the pebbles. "I'm
wondering whether I shall have fish-balls or lamb-chops
to complete my meal. Which would you prefer, Woot the Wanderer?"

"If you please, I'll eat the food in my knapsack,"
answered the boy. "Your magic food might taste good,
but I'm afraid of it."

The woman laughed at his fears and transformed the
pebbles into fish-balls.

"I suppose you think that after you had eaten this
food it would turn to stones again and make you sick,"
she remarked; "but that would be impossible. Nothing I
transform ever gets back to its former shape again, so
these fish-balls can never more be pebbles. That is why
I have to be careful of my transformations," she added,
busily eating while she talked, "for while I can change
forms at will I can never change them back again --
which proves that even the powers of a clever Yookoohoo
are limited. When I have transformed you three people,
you must always wear the shapes that I have given you."

"Then please don't transform us," begged Woot, "for
we are quite satisfied to remain as we are."

"I am not expecting to satisfy you, but intend to
please myself," she declared, "and my pleasure is to
give you new shapes. For, if by chance your friends
came in search of you, not one of them would be able to
recognize you."

Her tone was so positive that they knew it would be
useless to protest. The woman was not unpleasant to
look at; her face was not cruel; her voice was big but
gracious in tone; but her words showed that she
possessed a merciless heart and no pleadings would
alter her wicked purpose.

Mrs. Yoop took ample time to finish her breakfast and
the prisoners had no desire to hurry her, but finally
the meal was concluded and she folded her napkin and
made the table disappear by clapping her hands
together. Then she turned to her captives and said:

"The next thing on the programme is to change your
forms."

"Have you decided what forms to give us?" asked the
Scarecrow, uneasily.

"Yes; I dreamed it all out while I was asleep. This
Tin Man seems a very solemn person " -- indeed, the Tin
Woodman was looking solemn, just then, for he was
greatly disturbed -- "so I shall change him into an
Owl."

All she did was to point one finger at him as she
spoke, but immediately the form of the Tin Woodman
began to change and in a few seconds Nick Chopper, the
Emperor of the Winkies, had been transformed into an
Owl, with eyes as big as saucers and a hooked beak and
strong claws.  But he was still tin. He was a Tin Owl,
with tin legs and beak and eyes and feathers. When he
flew to the back of a chair and perched upon it, his
tin feathers rattled against one another with a tinny
clatter. The Giantess seemed  much amused by the Tin
Owl's appearance, for her laugh was big and jolly.

"You're not liable to get lost," said she, "for your
wings and feathers will make a racket wherever you go.
And, on my word, a Tin Owl is so rare and pretty that
it is an improvement on the ordinary bird. I did not
intend to make you tin, but I forgot to wish you to be
meat. However, tin you were, and tin you are, and as
it's too late to change you, that settles it."

Until now the Scarecrow had rather doubted the
possibility of Mrs. Yoop's being able to transform him,
or his friend the Tin Woodman, for they were not made
as ordinary people are. He had worried more over what
might happen to Woot than to himself, but now he began
to worry about himself.

"Madam," he said hastily, "I consider this action
very impolite. It may even be called rude, considering
we are your guests."

"You are not guests, for I did not invite you here,"
she replied.

"Perhaps not; but we craved hospitality. We threw
ourselves upon your mercy, so to speak, and we now find
you have no mercy. Therefore, if you will excuse the
expression, I must say it is downright wicked to take
our proper forms away from us and give us others that
we do not care for."

"Are you trying to make me angry?" she asked,
frowning.

"By no means," said the Scarecrow; "I'm just trying
to make you act more ladylike."

"Oh, indeed! In my opinion, Mr. Scarecrow, you are
now acting like a bear -- so a Bear you shall be!"

Again the dreadful finger pointed, this time in the
Scarecrow's direction, and at once his form began to
change. In a few seconds he had become a small Brown
Bear, but he was stuffed with straw as he had been
before, and when the little Brown Bear shuffled across
the floor he was just as wobbly as the Scarecrow had
been and moved just as awkwardly.

Woot was amazed, but he was also thoroughly
frightened.

"Did it hurt?" he asked the little Brown Bear.

"No, of course not," growled the Scarecrow in the
Bear's form; "but I don't like walking on four legs;
it's undignified."

"Consider my humiliation!" chirped the Tin Owl,
trying to settle its tin feathers smoothly with its tin
beak. "And I can't see very well, either. The light
seems to hurt my eyes."

"That's because you are an Owl," said Woot. "I think
you will see better in the dark."

"Well," remarked the Giantess, "I'm very well pleased
with these new forms, for my part, and I'm sure you
will like them better when you get used to them. So
now," she added, turning to the boy, "it is your turn."

"Don't you think you'd better leave me as I am?"
asked Woot in a trembling voice.

"No," she replied, "I'm going to make a Monkey of
you. I love monkeys -- they're so cute! -- and I think
a Green Monkey will be lots of fun and amuse me when I
am sad."

Woot shivered, for again the terrible magic finger
pointed, and pointed directly his way. He felt himself
changing; not so very much, however, and it didn't hurt
him a bit. He looked down at his limbs and body and
found that his clothes were gone and his skin covered
with a fine, silk-like green fur. His hands and feet
were now those of a monkey. He realized he really was a
monkey, and his first feeling was one of anger. He
began to chatter as monkeys do. He bounded to the seat
of a giant chair, and then to its back and with a wild
leap sprang upon the laughing Giantess. His idea was to
seize her hair and pull it out by the roots, and so
have revenge for her wicked transformations. But she
raised her hand and said:

"Gently, my dear Monkey -- gently!  You're not angry;
you're happy as can be!"

Woot stopped short. No; he wasn't a bit angry now; he
felt as good-humored and gay as ever he did when a boy.
Instead of pulling Mrs. Yoop's hair, he perched on her
shoulder and smoothed her soft cheek with his hairy
paw. In return, she smiled at the funny green animal
and patted his head.

"Very good," said the Giantess. "Let us all become
friends and be happy together. How is my Tin Owl
feeling?"

"Quite comfortable," said the Owl. "I don't like it,
to be sure, but I'm not going to allow my new form to
make me unhappy. But, tell me, please: what is a Tin
Owl good for?"

"You are only good to make me laugh," replied the
Giantess.

"Will a stuffed Bear also make you laugh?" inquired
the Scarecrow, sitting back on his haunches to look up
at her.

"Of course," declared the Giantess; "and I have added
a little magic to your transformations to make you all
contented with wearing your new forms. I'm sorry I
didn't think to do that when I transformed Polychrome
into a Canary-Bird. But perhaps, when she sees how
cheerful you are, she will cease to be silent and
sullen and take to singing. I will go get the bird and
let you see her."

With this, Mrs. Yoop went into the next room and soon
returned bearing a golden cage in which sat upon a
swinging perch a lovely yellow Canary. "Polychrome,"
said the Giantess, "permit me to introduce to you a
Green Monkey, which used to be a boy called Woot the
Wanderer, and a Tin Owl, which used to be a Tin Woodman
named Nick Chopper, and a straw-stuffed little Brown
Bear which used to be a live Scarecrow."

"We already know one another," declared the
Scarecrow. "The bird is Polychrome, the Rainbow's
Daughter, and she and I used to be good friends."

"Are you really my old friend, the Scarecrow?" asked;





                      GLINDA OF OZ

In which are related the Exciting Experiences of Princess
   Ozma of Oz, and Dorothy, in their hazardous journey
      to the home of the Flatheads, and to the Magic
         Isle of the Skeezers, and how they were
              rescued from dire peril by the
                  sorcery of Glinda the
                           Good

                      by L. FRANK BAUM
                   "Royal Historian of Oz"


This Book
is Dedicated to
My Son
Robert Stanton Baum



LIST OF CHAPTERS
 1  The Call of Duty
 2  Ozma and Dorothy
 3  The Mist Maidens
 4  The Magic Tent
 5  The Magic Stairway
 6  Flathead Mountain
 7  The Magic Isle
 8  Queen Coo-ee-oh
 9  Lady Aurex
10  Under Water
11  The Conquest of the Skeezers
12  The Diamond Swan
13  The Alarm Bell
14  Ozma's Counsellors
15  The Great Sorceress
16  The Enchanted Fishes
17  Under the Great Dome
18  The Cleverness of Ervic
19  Red Reera, the Yookoohoo..
20  A Puzzling Problem
21  The Three Adepts
22  The Sunken Island
23  The Magic Words
24  Glinda's Triumph





Chapter One

The Call to Duty


Glinda, the good Sorceress of Oz, sat in the grand
court of her palace, surrounded by her maids of honor
-- a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the
Fairyland of Oz. The palace court was built of rare
marbles, exquisitely polished. Fountains tinkled
musically here and there; the vast colonnade, open to
the south, allowed the maidens, as they raised their
heads from their embroideries, to gaze upon a vista of
rose-hued fields and groves of trees bearing fruits or
laden with sweet-scented flowers. At times one of the
girls would start a song, the others joining in the
chorus, or one would rise and dance, gracefully swaying
to the music of a harp played by a companion. And then
Glinda smiled, glad to see her maids mixing play with
work.

Presently among the fields an object was seen moving,
threading the broad path that led to the castle gate.
Some of the girls looked upon this object enviously;
the Sorceress merely gave it a glance and nodded her
stately head as if pleased, for it meant the coming of
her friend and mistress -- the only one in all the land
that Glinda bowed to.

Then up the path trotted a wooden animal attached to
a red wagon, and as the quaint steed halted at the gate
there descended from the wagon two young girls, Ozma,
Ruler of Oz, and her companion, Princess Dorothy. Both
were dressed in simple white muslin gowns, and as they
ran up the marble steps of the palace they laughed and
chatted as gaily as if they were not the most important
persons in the world's loveliest fairyland.

The maids of honor had risen and stood with bowed
heads to greet the royal Ozma, while Glinda came
forward with outstretched arms to greet her guests.

"We've just come on a visit, you know," said Ozma.
"Both Dorothy and I were wondering how we should pass
the day when we happened to think we'd not been to your
Quadling Country for weeks, so we took the Sawhorse and
rode straight here."

"And we came so fast," added Dorothy, "that our hair
is blown all fuzzy, for the Sawhorse makes a wind of
his own. Usually it's a day's journey from the Em'rald
City, but I don't s'pose we were two hours on the way."

"You are most welcome," said Glinda the Sorceress,
and led them through the court to her magnificent
reception hall. Ozma took the arm of her hostess, but
Dorothy lagged behind, kissing some of the maids she
knew best, talking with others, and making them all
feel that she was their friend. When at last she joined
Glinda and Ozma in the reception hall, she found them
talking earnestly about the condition of the people,
and how to make them more happy and contented --
although they were already the happiest and most
contented folks in all the world.

This interested Ozma, of course, but it didn't
interest Dorothy very much, so the little girl ran over
to a big table on which was lying open Glinda's Great
Book of Records.

This Book is one of the greatest treasures in Oz, and
the Sorceress prizes it more highly than any of her
magical possessions. That is the reason it is firmly
attached to the big marble table by means of golden
chains, and whenever Glinda leaves home she locks the
Great Book together with five jeweled padlocks, and
carries the keys safely hidden in her bosom.

I do not suppose there is any magical thing in any
fairyland to compare with the Record Book, on the pages
of which are constantly being printed a record of every
event that happens in any part of the world, at exactly
the moment it happens.  And the records are always
truthful, although sometimes they do not give as many
details as one could wish. But then, lots of things
happen, and so the records have to be brief or even
Glinda's Great Book could not hold them all.

Glinda looked at the records several times each day,
and Dorothy, whenever she visited the Sorceress, loved
to look in the Book and see what was happening
everywhere. Not much was recorded about the Land of Oz,
which is usually peaceful and uneventful, but today
Dorothy found something which interested her. Indeed,
the printed letters were appearing on the page even
while she looked.

"This is funny!" she exclaimed. "Did you know,
Ozma, that there were people in your Land of Oz
called Skeezers?"

"Yes," replied Ozma, coming to her side, "I know that
on Professor Wogglebug's Map of the Land of Oz there is
a place marked 'Skeezer,' but what the Skeezers are
like I do not know. No one I know has ever seen them or
heard of them. The Skeezer Country is 'way at the upper
edge of the Gillikin Country, with the sandy,
impassable desert on one side and the mountains of
Oogaboo on another side. That is a part of the Land of
Oz of which I know very little."

"I guess no one else knows much about it either,
unless it's the Skeezers themselves," remarked Dorothy.
"But the Book says: 'The Skeezers of Oz have declared
war on the Flatheads of Oz, and there is likely to be
fighting and much trouble as the result.'"

"Is that all the Book says?" asked Ozma.

"Every word," said Dorothy, and Ozma and Glinda both
looked at the Record and seemed surprised and
perplexed.

"Tell me, Glinda," said Ozma, "who are the
Flatheads?"

"I cannot, your Majesty," confessed the Sorceress.
"Until now I never have heard of them, nor have I ever
heard the Skeezers mentioned. In the faraway corners of
Oz are hidden many curious tribes of people, and those
who never leave their own countries and never are
visited by those from our favored part of Oz, naturally
are unknown to me. However, if you so desire, I can
learn through my arts of sorcery something of the
Skeezers and the Flatheads."

"I wish you would," answered Ozma seriously. "You
see, Glinda, if these are Oz people they are my
subjects and I cannot allow any wars or troubles in the
Land I rule, if I can possibly help it."

"Very well, your Majesty," said the Sorceress, "I
will try to get some information to guide you. Please
excuse me for a time, while I retire to my Room of
Magic and Sorcery."

"May I go with you?" asked Dorothy, eagerly.

"No, Princess," was the reply. "It would spoil the
charm to have anyone present."

So Glinda locked herself in her own Room of Magic and
Dorothy and Ozma waited patiently for her to come out
again.

In about an hour Glinda appeared, looking grave and
thoughtful.

"Your Majesty," she said to Ozma, "the Skeezers live
on a Magic Isle in a great lake. For that reason --
because the Skeezers deal in magic -- I can learn
little about them."

"Why, I didn't know there was a lake in that part of
Oz," exclaimed Ozma. "The map shows a river running
through the Skeezer Country, but no lake."

"That is because the person who made the map never
had visited that part of the country," explained the
Sorceress. "The lake surely is there, and in the lake
is an island -- a Magic Isle -- and on that island live
the people called the Skeezers."

"What are they like?" inquired the Ruler of Oz.

"My magic cannot tell me that," confessed Glinda,
"for the magic of the Skeezers prevents anyone outside
of their domain knowing anything about them."

"The Flatheads must know, if they're going to fight
the Skeezers," suggested Dorothy

"Perhaps so," Glinda replied, "but I can get little
information concerning the Flatheads, either. They are
people who inhabit a mountain just south of the Lake of
the Skeezers. The mountain has steep sides and a broad,
hollow top, like a basin, and in this basin the
Flatheads have their dwellings. They also are magic-
workers and usually keep to themselves and allow no one
from outside to visit them. I have learned that the
Flatheads number about one hundred people -- men, women
and children -- while the Skeezers number just one
hundred and one."

"What did they quarrel about, and why do they wish to
fight one another?" was Ozma's next question.

"I cannot tell your Majesty that," said Glinda.

"But see here!" cried Dorothy, "it's against the law
for anyone but Glinda and the Wizard to work magic in
the Land of Oz, so if these two strange people are
magic-makers they are breaking the law and ought to be
punished!" Ozma smiled upon her little friend.

"Those who do not know me or my laws," she said,
"cannot be expected to obey my laws. If we know nothing
of the Skeezers or the Flatheads, it is likely that
they know nothing of us."

"But they ought to know, Ozma, and we ought to know.
Who's going to tell them, and how are we going to make
them behave?"

"That," returned Ozma, "is what I am now considering.
What would you advise, Glinda?"

The Sorceress took a little time to consider this
question, before she made reply. Then she said: "Had
you not learned of the existence of the Flatheads and
the Skeezers, through my Book of Records, you would
never have worried about them or their quarrels. So, if
you pay no attention to these peoples, you may never
hear of them again."

"But that wouldn't be right," declared Ozma. "I am
Ruler of all the Land of Oz, which includes the
Gillikin Country, the Quadling Country, the Winkie
Country and the Munchkin Country, as well as the
Emerald City, and being the Princess of this fairyland
it is my duty to make all my people -- wherever they
may be -- happy and content and to settle their
disputes and keep them from quarreling. So, while the
Skeezers and Flatheads may not know me or that I am
their lawful Ruler, I now know that they inhabit my
kingdom and are my subjects, so I would not be doing my
duty if I kept away from them and allowed them to
fight."

"That's  a  fact,  Ozma,"  commented  Dorothy.
"You've got to go up to the Gillikin Country and make
these people behave themselves and make up their
quarrels. But how are you going to do it?"

"That is what is puzzling me also, your Majesty,"
said the Sorceress. "It may be dangerous for you to go
into those strange countries, where the people are
possibly fierce and warlike."

"I am not afraid," said Ozma, with a smile.

"'Tisn't a question of being 'fraid," argued Dorothy.
"Of course we know you're a fairy, and can't be killed
or hurt, and we know you've a lot of magic of your own
to help you. But, Ozma dear, in spite of all this
you've been in trouble before, on account of wicked
enemies, and it isn't right for the Ruler of all Oz to
put herself in danger."

"Perhaps I shall be in no danger at all," returned
Ozma, with a little laugh. "You mustn't imagine danger,
Dorothy, for one should only imagine nice things, and
we do not know that the Skeezers and Flatheads are
wicked people or my enemies. Perhaps they would be good
and listen to reason."

"Dorothy is right, your Majesty," asserted the
Sorceress. "It is true we know nothing of these faraway
subjects, except that they intend to fight one another,
and have a certain amount of magic power at their
command. Such folks do not like to submit to
interference and they are more likely to resent your
coming among them than to receive you kindly and
graciously, as is your due."

"If you had an army to take with you," added Dorothy,
"it wouldn't be so bad; but there isn't such a thing as
an army in all Oz."

"I have one soldier," said Ozma.

"Yes, the soldier with the green whiskers; but he's
dreadful 'fraid of his gun and never loads it. I'm sure
he'd run rather than fight. And one soldier, even if he
were brave, couldn't do much against two hundred and
one Flatheads and Skeezers."

"What then, my friends, would you suggest?" inquired
Ozma.

"I advise you to send the Wizard of Oz to them, and
let him inform them that it is against the laws of Oz
to fight, and that you command them to settle their
differences and become friends," proposed Glinda. "Let
the Wizard tell them they will be punished if they
refuse to obey the commands of the Princess of all the
Land of Oz."

Ozma shook her head, to indicate that the advice was
not to her satisfaction.

"If they refuse, what then?" she asked. "I should be
obliged to carry out my threat and punish them, and
that would be an unpleasant and difficult thing to do.
I am sure it would be better for me to go peacefully,
without an army and armed only with my authority as
Ruler, and plead with them to obey me. Then, if they
prove obstinate I could resort to other means to win
their obedience."

"It's a ticklish thing, anyhow you look at it,"
sighed Dorothy. "I'm sorry now that I noticed the
Record in the Great Book."

"But can't you realize, my dear, that I must do my
duty, now that I am aware of this trouble?" asked Ozma.
"I am fully determined to go at once to the Magic Isle
of the Skeezers and to the enchanted mountain of the
Flatheads, and prevent war and strife between their
inhabitants. The only question to decide is whether it
is better for me to go alone, or to assemble a party of
my friends and loyal supporters to accompany me."

"If you go I want to go, too," declared Dorothy.
"Whatever happens it's going to be fun -- 'cause all
excitement is fun -- and I wouldn't miss it for the
world!"

Neither Ozma nor Glinda paid any attention to this
statement, for they were gravely considering the
serious aspect of this proposed adventure.

"There are plenty of friends who would like to go
with you," said the Sorceress, "but none of them would
afford your Majesty any protection in case you were in
danger. You are yourself the most powerful fairy in Oz,
although both I and the Wizard have more varied arts of
magic at our command. However, you have one art that no
other in all the world can equal -- the art of winning
hearts and making people love to bow to your gracious
presence. For that reason I believe you can accomplish
more good alone than with a large number of subjects in
your train."

"I believe that also," agreed the Princess. "I shall
be quite able to take care of myself, you know, but
might not be able to protect others so well. I do not
look for opposition, however. I shall speak to these
people in kindly words and settle their dispute --
whatever it may be -- in a just manner."

"Aren't you going to take me?" pleaded Dorothy.
"You'll need some companion, Ozma."

The Princess smiled upon her little friend.

"I see no reason why you should not accompany me,"
was her reply. "Two girls are not very warlike and they
will not suspect us of being on any errand but a kindly
and peaceful one. But, in order to prevent war and
strife between these angry peoples, we must go to them
at once. Let us return immediately to the Emerald City
and prepare to start on our journey early tomorrow
morning."

Glinda was not quite satisfied with this plan, but
could not think of any better way to meet the problem.
She knew that Ozma, with all her gentleness and sweet
disposition, was accustomed to abide by any decision
she had made and could not easily be turned from her
purpose. Moreover she could see no great danger to the
fairy Ruler of Oz in the undertaking, even though the
unknown people she was to visit proved obstinate. But
Dorothy was not a fairy; she was a little girl who had
come from Kansas to live in the Land of Oz. Dorothy
might encounter dangers that to Ozma would be as
nothing but to an "Earth child" would be very serious.

The very fact that Dorothy lived in Oz, and had been
made a Princess by her friend Ozma, prevented her from
being killed or suffering any great bodily pain as long
as she lived in that fairyland. She could not grow big,
either, and would always remain the same little girl
who had come to Oz, unless in some way she left that
fairyland or was spirited away from it. But Dorothy was
a mortal, nevertheless, and might possibly be
destroyed, or hidden where none of her friends could
ever find her. She could, for instance be cut into
pieces, and the pieces, while still alive and free from
pain, could be widely scattered; or she might be buried
deep underground or "destroyed" in other ways by evil
magicians, were she not properly protected. These facts
Glinda was considering while she paced with stately
tread her marble hall.

Finally the good Sorceress paused and drew a ring
from her finger, handing it to Dorothy.

"Wear this ring constantly until your return," she
said to the girl. "If serious danger threatens you,
turn the ring around on your finger once to the right
and another turn to the left. That will ring the alarm
bell in my palace and I will at once come to your
rescue. But do not use the ring unless you are actually
in danger of destruction. While you remain with
Princess Ozma I believe she will be able to protect you
from all lesser ills."

"Thank you, Glinda," responded Dorothy gratefully, as
she placed the ring on her finger. "I'm going to wear
my Magic Belt which I took from the Nome King, too, so
I guess I'll be safe from anything the Skeezers and
Flatheads try to do to me."

Ozma had many arrangements to make before she could
leave her throne and her palace in the Emerald City,
even for a trip of a few days, so she bade goodbye to
Glinda and with Dorothy climbed into the Red Wagon. A
word to the wooden Sawhorse started that astonishing
creature on the return journey, and so swiftly did he
run that Dorothy was unable to talk or do anything but
hold tight to her seat all the way back to the Emerald
City.




Chapter Two

Ozma and Dorothy



Residing in Ozma's palace at this time was a live
Scarecrow, a most remarkable and intelligent creature
who had once ruled the Land of Oz for a brief period
and was much loved and respected by all the people.
Once a Munchkin farmer had stuffed an old suit of
clothes with straw and put stuffed boots on the feet
and used a pair of stuffed cotton gloves for hands. The
head of the Scarecrow was a stuffed sack fastened to
the body, with eyes, nose, mouth and ears painted on
the sack. When a hat had been put on the head, the
thing was a good imitation of a man. The farmer placed
the Scarecrow on a pole in his cornfield and it came to
life in a curious manner. Dorothy, who was passing by
the field, was hailed by the live Scarecrow and lifted
him off his pole. He then went with her to the Emerald
City, where the Wizard of Oz gave him some excellent
brains, and the Scarecrow soon became an important
personage.

Ozma considered the Scarecrow one of her best friends
and most loyal subjects, so the morning after her visit
to Glinda she asked him to take her place as Ruler of
the Land of Oz while she was absent on a journey, and
the Scarecrow at once consented without asking any
questions.

Ozma had warned Dorothy to keep their journey a
secret and say nothing to anyone about the Skeezers and
Flatheads until their return, and Dorothy promised to
obey. She longed to tell her girl friends, tiny Trot
and Betsy Bobbin, of the adventure they were
undertaking, but refrained from saying a word on the
subject although both these girls lived with her in
Ozma's palace.

Indeed, only Glinda the Sorceress knew they were
going, until after they had gone, and even the
Sorceress didn't know what their errand might be.

Princess Ozma took the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon,
although she was not sure there was a wagon road all
the way to the Lake of the Skeezers. The Land of Oz is
a pretty big place, surrounded on all sides by a Deadly
Desert which it is impossible to cross, and the Skeezer
Country, according to the map, was in the farthest
northwestern part of Oz, bordering on the north desert.
As the Emerald City was exactly in the center of Oz, it
was no small journey from there to the Skeezers.

Around the Emerald City the country is thickly
settled in every direction, but the farther away you
get from the city the fewer people there are, until
those parts that border on the desert have small
populations. Also those faraway sections are little
known to the Oz people, except in the south, where
Glinda lives and where Dorothy has often wandered on
trips of exploration.

The least known of all is the Gillikin Country, which
harbors many strange bands of people among its
mountains and valleys and forests and streams, and Ozma
was now bound for the most distant part of the Gillikin
Country.

"I am really sorry," said Ozma to Dorothy, as they
rode away in the Red Wagon, "not to know more about the
wonderful Land I rule. It is my duty to be acquainted
with every tribe of people and every strange and hidden
country in all Oz, but I am kept so busy at my palace
making laws and planning for the comforts of those who
live near the Emerald City, that I do not often find
time to make long journeys."

"Well," replied Dorothy, "we'll prob'bly find out a
lot on this trip, and we'll learn all about the
Skeezers and Flatheads, anyhow. Time doesn't make much
diff'rence in the Land of Oz, 'cause we don't grow up,
or get old, or become sick and die, as they do other
places; so, if we explore one place at a time, we'll
by-an'-by know all about every nook and corner in Oz."

Dorothy wore around her waist the Nome King's Magic
Belt, which protected her from harm, and the Magic Ring
which Glinda had given her was on her finger. Ozma had
merely slipped a small silver wand into the bosom of
her gown, for fairies do not use chemicals and herbs
and the tools of wizards and sorcerers to perform their
magic. The Silver Wand was Ozma's one weapon of offense
and defense and by its use she could accomplish many
things.

They had left the Emerald City just at sunrise and
the Sawhorse traveled very swiftly over the roads
towards the north, but in a few hours the wooden animal
had to slacken his pace because the farm houses had
become few and far between and often there were no
paths at all in the direction they wished to follow. At
such times they crossed the fields, avoiding groups of
trees and fording the streams and rivulets whenever
they came to them. But finally they reached a broad
hillside closely covered with scrubby brush, through
which the wagon could not pass.

"It will be difficult even for you and me to get
through without tearing our dresses," said Ozma, "so we
must leave the Sawhorse and the Wagon here until our
return."

"That's all right," Dorothy replied, "I'm tired
riding, anyhow. Do you s'pose, Ozma, we're anywhere
near the Skeezer Country?"

"I cannot tell, Dorothy dear, but I know we've been
going in the right direction, so we are sure to find it
in time."

The scrubby brush was almost like a grove of small
trees, for it reached as high as the heads of the two
girls, neither of whom was very tall. They were obliged
to thread their way in and out, until Dorothy was
afraid they would get lost, and finally they were
halted by a curious thing that barred their further
progress. It was a huge web -- as if woven by gigantic
spiders -- and the delicate, lacy film was fastened
stoutly to the branches of the bushes and continued to
the right and left in the form of a half circle. The
threads of this web were of a brilliant purple color
and woven into numerous artistic patterns, but it
reached from the ground to branches above the heads of
the girls and formed a sort of fence that hedged them
in.

"It doesn't look very strong, though," said Dorothy.
"I wonder if we couldn't break through." She tried but
found the web stronger than it seemed. All her efforts
could not break a single thread.

"We must go back, I think, and try to get around this
peculiar web," Ozma decided.

So they turned to the right and, following the web
found that it seemed to spread in a regular circle. On
and on they went until finally Ozma said they had
returned to the exact spot from which they had started.
"Here is a handkerchief you dropped when we were here
before," she said to Dorothy.

"In that case, they must have built the web behind
us, after we walked into the trap," exclaimed the
little girl.

"True," agreed Ozma, "an enemy has tried to imprison
us."

"And they did it, too," said Dorothy. "I wonder who
it was."

"It's a spider-web, I'm quite sure," returned Ozma,
"but it must be the work of enormous spiders."

"Quite right!" cried a voice behind them. Turning
quickly around they beheld a huge purple spider sitting
not two yards away and regarding them with its small
bright eyes.

Then there crawled from the bushes a dozen more great
purple spiders, which saluted the first one and said:

"The web is finished, O King, and the strangers are
our prisoners."

Dorothy did not like the looks of these spiders at
all. They had big heads, sharp claws, small eyes and
fuzzy hair all over their purple bodies.

"They look wicked," she whispered to Ozma. "What
shall we do?"

Ozma gazed upon the spiders with a serious face.

"What is your object in making us prisoners?" she
inquired.

"We need someone to keep house for us," answered the
Spider King. "There is sweeping and dusting to be done,
and polishing and washing of dishes, and that is work
my people dislike to do. So we decided that if any
strangers came our way we would capture them and make
them our servants."

"I am Princess Ozma, Ruler of all Oz," said the girl
with dignity.

"Well, I am King of all Spiders," was the reply, "and
that makes me your master. Come with me to my palace
and I will instruct you in your work."

"I won't," said Dorothy indignantly. "We won't have
anything to do with you."

"We'll see about that," returned the Spider in a
severe tone, and the next instant he made a dive
straight at Dorothy, opening the claws in his legs as
if to grab and pinch her with the sharp points. But the
girl was wearing her Magic Belt and was not harmed. The
Spider King could not even touch her. He turned swiftly
and made a dash at Ozma, but she held her Magic Wand
over his head and the monster recoiled as if it had
been struck.

"You'd better let us go," Dorothy advised him, "for
you see you can't hurt us."

"So I see," returned the Spider King angrily. "Your
magic is greater than mine. But I'll not help you to
escape. If you can break the magic web my people have
woven you may go; if not you must stay here and
starve." With that the Spider King uttered a peculiar
whistle and all the spiders disappeared.

"There is more magic in my fairyland than I dreamed
of," remarked the beautiful Ozma, with a sigh of regret.
"It seems that my laws have not been obeyed, for even
these monstrous spiders defy me by means of Magic."

"Never mind that now," said Dorothy; "let's see what
we can do to get out of this trap."

They now examined the web with great care and were
amazed at its strength. Although finer than the finest
silken hairs, it resisted all their efforts to work
through, even though both girls threw all their weight
against it.

"We must find some instrument which will cut the
threads of the web," said Ozma, finally. "Let us look
about for such a tool."

So they wandered among the bushes and finally came to
a shallow pool of water, formed by a small bubbling
spring. Dorothy stooped to get a drink and discovered
in the water a green crab, about as big as her hand.
The crab had two big, sharp claws, and as soon as
Dorothy saw them she had an idea that those claws could
save them.

"Come out of the water," she called to the crab; "I
want to talk to you."

Rather lazily the crab rose to the surface and caught
hold of a bit of rock. With his head above the water he
said in a cross voice:

"What do you want?"

"We want you to cut the web of the purple spiders
with your claws, so we can get through it," answered
Dorothy. "You can do that, can't you?"

"I suppose so," replied the crab. "But if I do what
will you give me?"

"What do you wish?" Ozma inquired.

"I wish to be white, instead of green," said the
crab. "Green crabs are very common, and white ones are
rare; besides the purple spiders, which infest this
hillside, are afraid of white crabs. Could you make me
white if I should agree to cut the web for you?"

"Yes," said Ozma, "I can do that easily. And, so you
may know I am speaking the truth, I will change your
color now."

She waved her silver wand over the pool and the crab
instantly became snow-white -- all except his eyes,
which remained black. The creature saw his reflection
in the water and was so delighted that he at once
climbed out of the pool and began moving slowly toward
the web, by backing away from the pool. He moved so
very slowly that Dorothy cried out impatiently: "Dear
me, this will never do!" Caching the crab in her hands
she ran with him to the web.

She had to hold him up even then, so he could reach
with his claws strand after strand of the filmy purple
web, which he was able to sever with one nip.

When enough of the web had been cut to allow them to
pass, Dorothy ran back to the pool and placed the white
crab in the water, after which she rejoined Ozma. They
were just in time to escape through the web, for
several of the purple spiders now appeared, having
discovered that their web had been cut, and had the
girls not rushed through the opening the spiders would
have quickly repaired the cuts and again imprisoned
them.

Ozma and Dorothy ran as fast as they could and
although the angry spiders threw a number of strands of
web after them, hoping to lasso them or entangle them
in the coils, they managed to escape and clamber to the
top of the hill.




Chapter Three

The Mist Maidens



From the top of the hill Ozma and Dorothy looked down
into the valley beyond and were surprised to find it
filled with a floating mist that was as dense as smoke.
Nothing in the valley was visible except these rolling
waves of mist, but beyond, on the other side, rose a
grassy hill that appeared quite beautiful.

"Well," said Dorothy, "what are we to do, Ozma? Walk
down into that thick fog, an' prob'bly get lost in it,
or wait till it clears away?"

"I'm not sure it will clear away, however long we
wait," replied Ozma, doubtfully. "If we wish to get on,
I think we must venture into the mist."

"But we can't see where we're going, or what we're
stepping on," protested Dorothy.  "There may be
dreadful things mixed up in that fog, an' I'm scared
just to think of wading into it."

Even Ozma seemed to hesitate. She was silent and
thoughtful for a little while, looking at the rolling
drifts that were so gray and forbidding. Finally she
said:

"I believe this is a Mist Valley, where these moist
clouds always remain, for even the sunshine above does
not drive them away. Therefore the Mist Maids must live
here, and they are fairies and should answer my call."

She placed her two hands before her mouth, forming a
hollow with them, and uttered a clear, thrilling, bird-
like cry. It floated far out over the mist waves and
presently was answered by a similar sound, as of a far-
off echo.

Dorothy was much impressed. She had seen many strange
things since coming to this fairy country, but here was
a new experience. At ordinary times Ozma was just like
any little girl one might chance to meet -- simple,
merry, lovable as could be -- yet with a certain
reserve that lent her dignity in her most joyous moods.
There were times, however, when seated on her throne
and commanding her subjects, or when her fairy powers
were called into use, when Dorothy and all others about
her stood in awe of their lovely girl Ruler and
realized her superiority.

Ozma waited. Presently out from the billows rose
beautiful forms, clothed in fleecy, trailing garments
of gray that could scarcely be distinguished from the
mist. Their hair was mist-color, too; only their
gleaming arms and sweet, pallid faces proved they were
living, intelligent creatures answering the call of a
sister fairy.

Like sea nymphs they rested on the bosom of the
clouds, their eyes turned questioningly upon the two
girls who stood upon the bank. One came quite near and
to her Ozma said:

"Will you please take us to the opposite hillside? We
are afraid to venture into the mist. I am Princess Ozma
of Oz, and this is my friend Dorothy, a Princess of
Oz."

The Mist Maids came nearer, holding out their arms.
Without hesitation Ozma advanced and allowed them to
embrace her and Dorothy plucked up courage to follow.
Very gently the Mist Maids held them. Dorothy thought
the arms were cold and misty -- they didn't seem real
at all -- yet they supported the two girls above the
surface of the billows and floated with them so swiftly
to the green hillside opposite that the girls were
astonished to find themselves set upon the grass before
they realized they had fairly started.

"Thank you!" said Ozma gratefully, and Dorothy also
added her thanks for the service.

The Mist Maids made no answer, but they smiled and
waved their hands in good-bye as again they floated out
into the mist and disappeared from view.




Chapter Four

The Magic Tent


"Well," said Dorothy with a laugh, "that was easier
than I expected. It's worth while, sometimes, to be a
real fairy. But I wouldn't like to be that kind, and
live in a dreadful fog all the time."

They now climbed the bank and found before them a
delightful plain that spread for miles in all
directions. Fragrant wild flowers were scattered
throughout the grass; there were bushes bearing lovely
blossoms and luscious fruits; now and then a group of
stately trees added to the beauty of the landscape. But
there were no dwellings or signs of life.

The farther side of the plain was bordered by a row
of palms, and just in front of the palms rose a queerly
shaped hill that towered above the plain like a
mountain. The sides of this hill were straight up and
down; it was oblong in shape and the top seemed flat
and level.

"Oh, ho!" cried Dorothy; "I'll bet that's the
mountain Glinda told us of, where the Flatheads live."

"If it is," replied Ozma, "the Lake of the Skeezers
must be just beyond the line of palm trees. Can you
walk that far, Dorothy?"

"Of course, in time," was the prompt answer. "I'm
sorry we had to leave the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon
behind us, for they'd come in handy just now; but with
the end of our journey in sight a tramp across these
pretty green fields won't tire us a bit."

It was a longer tramp than they suspected, however,
and night overtook them before they could reach the
flat mountain. So Ozma proposed they camp for the night
and Dorothy was quite ready to approve. She didn't like
to admit to her friend she was tired, but she told
herself that her legs "had prickers in 'em," meaning
they had begun to ache.

Usually when Dorothy started on a journey of
exploration or adventure, she carried with her a basket
of food, and other things that a traveler in a strange
country might require, but to go away with Ozma was
quite a different thing, as experience had taught her.
The fairy Ruler of Oz only needed her silver wand --
tipped at one end with a great sparkling emerald -- to
provide through its magic all that they might need.
Therefore Ozma, having halted with her companion and
selected a smooth, grassy spot on the plain, waved her
wand in graceful curves and chanted some mystic words
in her sweet voice, and in an instant a handsome tent
appeared before them. The canvas was striped purple and
white, and from the center pole fluttered the royal
banner of Oz.

"Come, dear," said Ozma, taking Dorothy's hand, "I am
hungry and I'm sure you must be also; so let us go in
and have our feast."

On entering the tent they found a table set for two,
with snowy linen, bright silver and sparkling
glassware, a vase of roses in the center and many
dishes of delicious food, some smoking hot, waiting to
satisfy their hunger. Also, on either side of the tent
were beds, with satin sheets, warm blankets and pillows
filled with swansdown. There were chairs, too, and
tall lamps that lighted the interior of the tent with a
soft, rosy glow.

Dorothy, resting herself at her fairy friend's
command, and eating her dinner with unusual enjoyment,
thought of the wonders of magic. If one were a fairy
and knew the secret laws of nature and the mystic words
and ceremonies that commanded those laws, then a simple
wave of a silver wand would produce instantly all that
men work hard and anxiously for through weary years.
And Dorothy wished in her kindly, innocent heart, that
all men and women could be fairies with silver wands,
and satisfy all their needs without so much work and
worry, for then, she imagined, they would have all
their working hours to be happy in. But Ozma, looking
into her friend's face and reading those thoughts, gave
a laugh and said:

"No, no, Dorothy, that wouldn't do at all. Instead of
happiness your plan would bring weariness to the world.
If every one could wave a wand and have his wants
fulfilled there would be little to wish for. There
would be no eager striving to obtain the difficult, for
nothing would then be difficult, and the pleasure of
earning something longed for, and only to be secured by
hard work and careful thought, would be utterly lost.
There would be nothing to do you see, and no interest
in life and in our fellow creatures. That is all that
makes life worth our while -- to do good deeds and to
help those less fortunate than ourselves."

"Well, you're a fairy, Ozma. Aren't you happy?" asked
Dorothy

"Yes, dear, because I can use my fairy powers to make
others happy. Had I no kingdom to rule, and no subjects
to look after, I would be miserable. Also, you must
realize that while I am a more powerful fairy than any
other inhabitant of Oz, I am not as powerful as Glinda
the Sorceress, who has studied many arts of magic that
I know nothing of. Even the little Wizard of Oz can do
some things I am unable to accomplish, while I can
accomplish things unknown to the Wizard. This is to
explain that I'm not all-powerful, by any means. My
magic is simply fairy magic, and not sorcery or
wizardry."

"All the same," said Dorothy, "I'm mighty glad you
could make this tent appear, with our dinners and beds
all ready for us."

Ozma smiled.

"Yes, it is indeed wonderful," she agreed. "Not all
fairies know that sort of magic, but some fairies can
do magic that fills me with astonishment. I think that
is what makes us modest and unassuming -- the fact that
our magic arts are divided, some being given each of
us. I'm glad I don't know everything, Dorothy, and that
there still are things in both nature and in wit for me
to marvel at."

Dorothy couldn't quite understand this, so she said
nothing more on the subject and presently had a new
reason to marvel. For when they had quite finished
their meal table and contents disappeared in a flash.

"No dishes to wash, Ozma!" she said with a laugh. "I
guess you'd make a lot of folks happy if you could
teach 'em just that one trick."

For an hour Ozma told stories, and talked with
Dorothy about various people in whom they were
interested. And then it was bedtime, and they undressed
and crept into their soft beds and fell asleep almost
as soon as their heads touched their pillows.




Chapter Five

The Magic Stairway



The flat mountain looked much nearer in the clear
light of the morning sun, but Dorothy and Ozma knew
there was a long tramp before them, even yet. They
finished dressing only to find a warm, delicious
breakfast awaiting them, and having eaten they left the
tent and started toward the mountain which was their
first goal. After going a little way Dorothy looked
back and found that the fairy tent had entirely
disappeared. She was not surprised, for she knew this
would happen.

"Can't your magic give us a horse an' wagon, or an
automobile?" inquired Dorothy.

"No, dear; I'm sorry that such magic is beyond my
power," confessed her fairy friend.

"Perhaps Glinda could," said Dorothy thoughtfully.

"Glinda has a stork chariot that carries her through
the air," said Ozma, "but even our great Sorceress
cannot conjure up other modes of travel. Don't forget
what I told you last night, that no one is powerful
enough to do everything."

"Well, I s'pose I ought to know that, having lived so
long in the Land of Oz," replied Dorothy; "but I can't
do any magic at all, an' so I can't figure out e'zactly
how you an' Glinda an' the Wizard do it."

"Don't try," laughed Ozma. "But you have at least one
magical art, Dorothy: you know the trick of winning all
hearts."

"No, I don't," said Dorothy earnestly. "If I really
can do it, Ozma, I am sure I don't know how I do it."

It took them a good two hours to reach the foot of
the round, flat mountain, and then they found the
sides so steep that they were like the wall of a house.

"Even my purple kitten couldn't climb 'em," remarked
Dorothy, gazing upward.

"But there is some way for the Flatheads to get down
and up again," declared Ozma; "otherwise they couldn't
make war with the Skeezers, or even meet them and
quarrel with them."

"That's so, Ozma. Let's walk around a ways; perhaps
we'll find a ladder or something."

They walked quite a distance, for it was a big
mountain, and as they circled around it and came to the
side that faced the palm trees, they suddenly
discovered an entrance way cut out of the rock wall.
This entrance was arched overhead and not very deep
because it merely led to a short flight of stone
stairs.

"Oh, we've found a way to the top at last," announced
Ozma, and the two girls turned and walked straight
toward the entrance. Suddenly they bumped against
something and stood still, unable to proceed farther.

"Dear me!" exclaimed Dorothy, rubbing her nose, which
had struck something hard, although she could not see
what it was; "this isn't as easy as it looks. What has
stopped us, Ozma? Is it magic of some sort?"

Ozma was feeling around, her bands outstretched
before her.

"Yes, dear, it is magic," she replied. "The Flatheads
had to have a way from their mountain top from the
plain below, but to prevent enemies from rushing up the
stairs to conquer them, they have built, at a small
distance before the entrance a wall of solid stone, the
stones being held in place by cement, and then they
made the wall invisible."

"I wonder why they did that?" mused Dorothy. "A wall
would keep folks out anyhow, whether it could be seen
or not, so there wasn't any use making it invisible.
Seems to me it would have been better to have left it
solid, for then no one would have seen the entrance
behind it. Now anybody can see the entrance, as we did.
And prob'bly anybody that tries to go up the stairs
gets bumped, as we did."

Ozma made no reply at once. Her face was grave and
thoughtful.

"I think I know the reason for making the wall
invisible," she said after a while. "The Flatheads use
the stairs for coming down and going up. If there was a
solid stone wall to keep them from reaching the plain
they would themselves be imprisoned by the wall. So
they had to leave some place to get around the wall,
and, if the wall was visible, all strangers or enemies
would find the place to go around it and then the wall
would be useless. So the Flatheads cunningly made their
wall invisible, believing that everyone who saw the
entrance to the mountain would walk straight toward it,
as we did, and find it impossible to go any farther. I
suppose the wall is really high and thick, and can't be
broken through, so those who find it in their way are
obliged to go away again."

"Well," said Dorothy, "if there's a way around the
wall, where is it?"

"We must find it," returned Ozma, and began feeling
her way along the wall. Dorothy followed and began to
get discouraged when Ozma had walked nearly a quarter
of a mile away from the entrance. But now the invisible
wall curved in toward the side of the mountain and
suddenly ended, leaving just space enough between the
wall and the mountain for an ordinary person to pass
through.

The girls went in, single file, and Ozma explained
that they were now behind the barrier and could go
back to the entrance. They met no further obstructions.

"Most people, Ozma, wouldn't have figured this thing
out the way you did," remarked Dorothy. "If I'd been
alone the invisible wall surely would have stumped me."

Reaching the entrance they began to mount the stone
stairs. They went up ten stairs and then down five
stairs, following a passage cut from the rock. The
stairs were just wide enough for the two girls to walk
abreast, arm in arm. At the bottom of the five stairs
the passage turned to the right, and they ascended ten
more stairs, only to find at the top of the flight five
stairs leading straight down again. Again the passage
turned abruptly, this time to the left, and ten more
stairs led upward.

The passage was now quite dark, for they were in the
heart of the mountain and all daylight had been shut
out by the turns of the passage. However, Ozma drew her
silver wand from her bosom and the great jewel at its
end gave out a lustrous, green-tinted light which
lighted the place well enough for them to see their way
plainly.

Ten steps up, five steps down, and a turn, this way
or that. That was the program, and Dorothy figured that
they were only gaining five stairs upward each trip
that they made.

"Those Flatheads must be funny people," she said to
Ozma. "They don't seem to do anything in a bold
straightforward manner. In making this passage they
forced everyone to walk three times as far as is
necessary. And of course this trip is just as tiresome
to the Flatheads as it is to other folks."

"That is true," answered Ozma; "yet it is a clever
arrangement to prevent their being surprised by
intruders. Every time we reach the tenth step of a
flight, the pressure of our feet on the stone makes a
bell ring on top of the mountain, to warn the Flatheads
of our coming."

"How do you know that?" demanded Dorothy, astonished.

"I've heard the bell ever since we started," Ozma
told her. "You could not hear it, I know, but when I am
holding my wand in my hand I can hear sounds a great
distance off."

"Do you hear anything on top of the mountain 'cept
the bell?" inquired Dorothy

"Yes. The people are calling to one another in alarm
and many footsteps are approaching the place where we
will reach the flat top of the mountain."

This made Dorothy feel somewhat anxious. "I'd thought
we were going to visit just common, ordinary people,"
she remarked, "but they're pretty clever, it seems, and
they know some kinds of magic, too. They may be
dangerous, Ozma. P'raps we'd better stayed at home."

Finally the upstairs-and-downstairs passage seemed
coming to an end, for daylight again appeared ahead of
the two girls and Ozma replaced her wand in the bosom
of her gown. The last ten steps brought them to the
surface, where they found themselves surrounded by
such a throng of queer people that for a time they
halted, speechless, and stared into the faces that
confronted them.

Dorothy knew at once why these mountain people were
called Flatheads. Their heads were really flat on top,
as if they had been cut off just above the eyes and
ears. Also the heads were bald, with no hair on top at
all, and the ears were big and stuck straight out, and
the noses were small and stubby, while the mouths of
the Flatheads were well shaped and not unusual. Their
eyes were perhaps their best feature, being large and
bright and a deep violet in color.

The costumes of the Flatheads were all made of metals
dug from their mountain. Small gold, silver, tin and
iron discs, about the size of pennies, and very thin,
were cleverly wired together and made to form knee
trousers and jackets for the men and skirts and waists
for the women. The colored metals were skillfully mixed
to form stripes and checks of various sorts, so that
the costumes were quite gorgeous and reminded Dorothy
of pictures she had seen of Knights of old clothed
armor.

Aside from their flat heads, these people were not
really bad looking. The men were armed with bows and
arrows and had small axes of steel stuck in their metal
belts. They wore no hats nor ornaments.




Chapter Six

Flathead Mountain



When they saw that the intruders on their mountain
were only two little girls, the Flatheads grunted with
satisfaction and drew back, permitting them to see what
the mountain top looked like. It was shaped like a
saucer, so that the houses and other buildings -- all
made of rocks -- could not be seen over the edge by
anyone standing in the plain below.

But now a big fat Flathead stood before the girls and
in a gruff voice demanded:

"What are you doing here? Have the Skeezers sent you
to spy upon us?"

"I am Princess Ozma, Ruler of all the Land of Oz."

"Well, I've never heard of the Land of Oz, so you may
be what you claim," returned the Flathead.

"This is the Land of Oz -- part of it, anyway,"
exclaimed Dorothy. "So Princess Ozma rules you Flathead
people, as well as all the other people in Oz."

The man laughed, and all the others who stood around
laughed, too. Some one in the crowd called:

"She'd better not tell the Supreme Dictator about
ruling the Flatheads. Eh, friends?"

"No, indeed!" they all answered in positive tones.

"Who is your Supreme Dictator?" answered Ozma.

"I think I'll let him tell you that himself,"
answered the man who had first spoken. "You have broken
our laws by coming here; and whoever you are the
Supreme Dictator must fix your punishment. Come along
with me."

He started down a path and Ozma and Dorothy followed
him without protest, as they wanted to see the most
important person in this queer country. The houses they
passed seemed pleasant enough and each had a little
yard in which were flowers and vegetables. Walls of
rock separated the dwellings, and all the paths were
paved with smooth slabs of rock. This seemed their only
building material and they utilized it cleverly for
every purpose.

Directly in the center of the great saucer stood a
larger building which the Flathead informed the girls
was the palace of the Supreme Dictator. He led them
through an entrance hall into a big reception room,
where they sat upon stone benches and awaited the
coming of the Dictator. Pretty soon he entered from
another room -- a rather lean and rather old Flathead,
dressed much like the others of this strange race, and
only distinguished from them by the sly and cunning
expression of his face. He kept his eyes half closed
and looked through the slits of them at Ozma and
Dorothy, who rose to receive him.

"Are you the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads?"
inquired Ozma.

"Yes, that's me," he said, rubbing his hands slowly
together. "My word is law. I'm the head of the
Flatheads on this flat headland."

"I am Princess Ozma of Oz, and I have come from the
Emerald City to --"

"Stop a minute," interrupted the Dictator, and turned
to the man who had brought the girls there. "Go away,
Dictator Felo Flathead!" he commanded. "Return to your
duty and guard the Stairway. I will look after these
strangers." The man bowed and departed, and Dorothy
asked wonderingly:

"Is he a Dictator, too?"

"Of course," was the answer. "Everybody here is a
dictator of something or other. They're all office
holders. That's what keeps them contented. But I'm the
Supreme Dictator of all, and I'm elected once a year.
This is a democracy, you know, where the people are
allowed to vote for their rulers. A good many others
would like to be Supreme Dictator, but as I made a law
that I am always to count the votes myself, I am always
elected."

"What is your name?" asked Ozma.

"I am called the Su-dic, which is short for Supreme
Dictator. I sent that man away because the moment you
mentioned Ozma of Oz, and the Emerald City, I knew who
you are. I suppose I'm the only Flathead that ever
heard of you, but that's because I have more brains
than the rest."

Dorothy was staring hard at the Su-dic.

"I don't see how you can have any brains at all," she
remarked, "because the part of your head is gone where
brains are kept."

"I don't blame you for thinking that," he said. "Once
the Flatheads had no brains because, as you say, there
is no upper part to their heads, to hold brains. But
long, long ago a band of fairies flew over this country
and made it all a fairyland, and when they came to the
Flatheads the fairies were sorry to find them all very
stupid and quite unable to think. So, as there was no
good place in their bodies in which to put brains the
Fairy Queen gave each one of us a nice can of brains to
carry in his pocket and that made us just as
intelligent as other people. See," he continued, "here
is one of the cans of brains the fairies gave us." He
took from a pocket a bright tin can having a pretty red
label on it which said: Concentrated Brains, Extra
Quality."

"And does every Flathead have the same kind of
brains?" asked Dorothy.

"Yes, they're all alike. Here's another can." From
another pocket he produced a second can of brains.

"Did the fairies give you a double supply?" inquired
Dorothy.

"No, but one of the Flatheads thought he wanted to be
the Su-dic and tried to get my people to rebel against
me, so I punished him by taking away his brains. One
day my wife scolded me severely, so I took away her can
of brains. She didn't like that and went out and robbed
several women of their brains. Then I made a law that
if anyone stole another's brains, or even tried to
borrow them, he would forfeit his own brains to the Su-
dic. So each one is content with his own canned brains
and my wife and I are the only ones on the mountain
with more than one can. I have three cans and that
makes me very clever -- so clever that I'm a good
Sorcerer, if I do say it myself. My poor wife had four
cans of brains and became a remarkable witch, but alas!
that was before those terrible enemies, the Skeezers,
transformed her into a Golden Pig."

"Good gracious!" cried Dorothy; "is your wife really
a Golden Pig?"

"She is. The Skeezers did it and so I have declared
war on them. In revenge for making my wife a Pig I
intend to ruin their Magic Island and make the Skeezers
the slaves of the Flatheads!"

The Su-dic was very angry now; his eyes flashed and
his face took on a wicked and fierce expression. But
Ozma said to him, very sweetly and in a friendly voice:

"I am sorry to hear this. Will you please tell me
more about your troubles with the Skeezers?  Then
perhaps I can help you."

She was only a girl, but there was dignity in her
pose and speech which impressed the Su-dic.

"If you are really Princess Ozma of Oz," the Flathead
said, "you are one of that band of fairies who, under
Queen Lurline, made all Oz a Fairyland. I have heard
that Lurline left one of her own fairies to rule Oz,
and gave the fairy the name of Ozma."

"If you knew this why did you not come to me at the
Emerald City and tender me your loyalty and obedience?"
asked the Ruler of Oz.

"Well, I only learned the fact lately, and I've been
too busy to leave home," he explained, looking at the
floor instead of into Ozma's eyes. She knew he had
spoken a falsehood, but only said:

"Why did you quarrel with the Skeezers?"

"It was this way," began the Su-dic, glad to change
the subject. "We Flatheads love fish, and as we have no
fish on this mountain we would sometimes go to the Lake
of the Skeezers to catch fish. This made the Skeezers
angry, for they declared the fish in their lake
belonged to them and were under their protection and
they forbade us to catch them. That was very mean and
unfriendly in the Skeezers, you must admit, and when we
paid no attention to their orders they set a guard on
the shore of the lake to prevent our fishing.

"Now, my wife, Rora Flathead, having four cans of
brains, had become a wonderful witch, and fish being
brain food, she loved to eat fish better than any one
of us. So she vowed she would destroy every fish in the
lake, unless the Skeezers let us catch what we wanted.
They defied us, so Rora prepared a kettleful of magic
poison and went down to the lake one night to dump it
all in the water and poison the fish. It was a clever
idea, quite worthy of my dear wife, but the Skeezer
Queen -- a young lady named Coo-ee-oh -- hid on the
bank of the lake and taking Rora unawares, transformed
her into a Golden Pig. The poison was spilled on the
ground and wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh, not content with her
cruel transformation, even took away my wife's four
cans of brains, so she is now a common grunting pig
without even brains enough to know her own name."

"Then," said Ozma thoughtfully, "the Queen of the
Skeezers must be a Sorceress."

"Yes," said the Su-dic, "but she doesn't know much
magic, after all. She is not as powerful as Rora
Flathead was, nor half as powerful as I am now, as
Queen Coo-ee-oh will discover when we fight our great
battle and destroy her."

"The Golden Pig can't be a witch any more, of
course," observed Dorothy.

"No; even had Queen Coo-ee-oh left her the four cans
of brains, poor Rora, in a pig's shape, couldn't do any
witchcraft. A witch has to use her fingers, and a pig
has only cloven hoofs."

"It seems a sad story," was Ozma's comment, "and all
the trouble arose because the Flatheads wanted fish
that did not belong to them."

"As for that," said the Su-dic, again angry, "I made
a law that any of my people could catch fish in the
Lake of the Skeezers, whenever they wanted to. So the
trouble was through the Skeezers defying my law."

"You can only make laws to govern your own people,"
asserted Ozma sternly. "I, alone, am empowered to make
laws that must be obeyed by all the peoples of Oz."

"Pooh!" cried the Su-dic scornfully. "You can't make
me obey your laws, I assure you. I know the extent of
your powers, Princess Ozma of Oz, and I know that I am
more powerful than you are. To prove it I shall keep
you and your companion prisoners in this mountain until
after we have fought and conquered the Skeezers. Then,
if you promise to be good, I may let you go home
again."

Dorothy was amazed by this effrontery and defiance of
the beautiful girl Ruler of Oz, whom all until now had
obeyed without question. But Ozma, still unruffled and
dignified, looked at the Su-dic and said:

"You did not mean that. You are angry and speak
unwisely, without reflection. I came here from my
palace in the Emerald City to prevent war and to make
peace between you and the Skeezers. I do not approve of
Queen Coo-ee-oh's action in transforming your wife Rora
into a pig, nor do I approve of Rora's cruel attempt to
poison the fishes in the lake. No one has the right to
work magic in my dominions without my consent, so the
Flatheads and the Skeezers have both broken my laws --
which must be obeyed."

"If you want to make peace," said the Su-dic, "make
the Skeezers restore my wife to her proper form and
give back her four cans of brains. Also make them agree
to allow us to catch fish in their lake."

"No," returned Ozma, "I will not do that, for it
would be unjust. I will have the Golden Pig again
transformed into your wife Rora, and give her one can
of brains, but the other three cans must be restored to
those she robbed. Neither may you catch fish in the
Lake of the Skeezers, for it is their lake and the fish
belong to them. This arrangement is just and honorable,
and you must agree to it."

"Never!" cried the Su-dic. Just then a pig came
running into the room, uttering dismal grunts. It was
made of solid gold, with joints at the bends of the
legs and in the neck and jaws. The Golden Pig's eyes
were rubies, and its teeth were polished ivory.

"There!" said the Su-dic, "gaze on the evil work of
Queen Coo-ee-oh, and then say if you can prevent my
making war on the Skeezers. That grunting beast was
once my wife -- the most beautiful Flathead on our
mountain and a skillful witch. Now look at her!"

"Fight the Skeezers, fight the Skeezers, fight the
Skeezers!" grunted the Golden Pig.

"I will fight the Skeezers," exclaimed the Flathead
chief, "and if a dozen Ozmas of Oz forbade me I would
fight just the same."

"Not if I can prevent it!" asserted Ozma.

"You can't prevent it. But since you threaten me,
I'll have you confined in the bronze prison until the
war is over," said the Su-dic. He whistled and four
stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears, entered
the room and saluted him. Turning to the men he said:
"Take these two girls, bind them with wire ropes and
cast them into the bronze prison."

The four men bowed low and one of them asked:

"Where are the two girls, most noble Su-dic?"

The Su-dic turned to where Ozma and Dorothy had stood
but they had vanished!




Chapter Seven

The Magic Isle



Ozma, seeing it was useless to argue with the Supreme
Dictator of the Flatheads. had been considering how
best to escape from his power. She realized that his
sorcery might be difficult to overcome, and when he
threatened to cast Dorothy and her into a bronze prison
she slipped her hand into her bosom and grasped her
silver wand. With the other hand she grasped the hand
of Dorothy, but these motions were so natural that the
Su-dic did not notice them. Then when he turned to meet
his four soldiers, Ozma instantly rendered both herself
and Dorothy invisible and swiftly led her companion
around the group of Flatheads and out of the room. As
they reached the entry and descended the stone steps,
Ozma whispered:

"Let us run, dear! We are invisible, so no one will
see us."

Dorothy understood and she was a good runner. Ozma
had marked the place where the grand stairway that led
to the plain was located, so they made directly for it.
Some people were in the paths but these they dodged
around. One or two Flatheads heard the pattering of
footsteps of the girls on the stone pavement and
stopped with bewildered looks to gaze around them, but
no one interfered with the invisible fugitives.

The Su-dic had lost no time in starting the chase. He
and his men ran so fast that they might have overtaken
the girls before they reached the stairway had not the
Golden Pig suddenly run across their path. The Su-dic
tripped over the pig and fell flat, and his four men
tripped over him and tumbled in a heap. Before they
could scramble up and reach the mouth of the passage it
was too late to stop the two girls.

There was a guard on each side of the stairway, but
of course they did not see Ozma and Dorothy as they
sped past and descended the steps. Then they had to go
up five steps and down another ten, and so on, in the
same manner in which they had climbed to the top of the
mountain. Ozma lighted their way with her wand and they
kept on without relaxing their speed until they reached
the bottom. Then they ran to the right and turned the
corner of the invisible wall just as the Su-dic and his
followers rushed out of the arched entrance and looked
around in an attempt to discover the fugitives.

Ozma now knew they were safe, so she told Dorothy to
stop and both of them sat down on the grass until they
could breathe freely and become rested from their mad
flight.

As for the Su-dic, he realized he was foiled and soon
turned and climbed his stairs again. He was very angry
-- angry with Ozma and angry with himself -- because,
now that he took time to think, he remembered that he
knew very well the art of making people invisible, and
visible again, and if he had only thought of it in time
he could have used his magic knowledge to make the
girls visible and so have captured them easily.
However, it was now too late for regrets and he
determined to make preparations at once to march all
his forces against the Skeezers.

"What shall we do next?" asked Dorothy, when they
were rested.

"Let us find the Lake of the Skeezers," replied Ozma.
"From what that dreadful Su-dic said I imagine the
Skeezers are good people and worthy of our friendship,
and if we go to them we may help them to defeat the
Flatheads."

"I s'pose we can't stop the war now," remarked
Dorothy reflectively, as they walked toward the row of
palm trees.

"No; the Su-dic is determined to fight the Skeezers,
so all we can do is to warn them of their danger and
help them as much as possible."

"Of course you'll punish the Flatheads," said
Dorothy.

"Well, I do not think the Flathead people are as much
to blame as their Supreme Dictator," was the answer.
"If he is removed from power and his unlawful magic
taken from him, the people will probably be good and
respect the laws of the Land of Oz, and live at peace
with all their neighbors in the future."

"I hope so," said Dorothy with a sigh of doubt

The palms were not far from the mountain and the
girls reached them after a brisk walk. The huge trees
were set close together, in three rows, and had been
planted so as to keep people from passing them, but the
Flatheads had cut a passage through this barrier and
Ozma found the path and led Dorothy to the other side.

Beyond the palms they discovered a very beautiful
scene. Bordered by a green lawn was a great lake fully
a mile from shore to shore, the waters of which were
exquisitely blue and sparkling, with little wavelets
breaking its smooth surface where the breezes touched
it. In the center of this lake appeared a lovely
island, not of great extent but almost entirely covered
by a huge round building with glass walls and a high
glass dome which glittered brilliantly in the sunshine.
Between the glass building and the edge of the island
was no grass, flowers or shrubbery, but only an expanse
of highly polished white marble. There were no boats on
either shore and no signs of life could be seen
anywhere on the island.

"Well," said Dorothy, gazing wistfully at the island,
we've found the Lake of the Skeezers and their Magic
Isle. I guess the Skeezers are in that big glass
palace, but we can't get at 'em."




Chapter Eight

Queen Coo-ee-oh



Princess Ozma considered the situation gravely. Then
she tied her handkerchief to her wand and, standing at
the water's edge, waved the handkerchief like a flag,
as a signal. For a time they could observe no response.

"I don't see what good that will do," said Dorothy.
"Even if the Skeezers are on that island and see us,
and know we're friends, they haven't any boats to come
and get us."

But the Skeezers didn't need boats, as the girls soon
discovered. For on a sudden an opening appeared at the
base of the palace and from the opening came a slender
shaft of steel, reaching out slowly but steadily across
the water in the direction of the place where they
stood. To the girls this steel arrangement looked like
a triangle, with the base nearest the water. It came
toward them in the form of an arch, stretching out from
the palace wall until its end reached the bank and
rested there, while the other end still remained on the
island.

Then they saw that it was a bridge, consisting of a
steel footway just broad enough to walk on, and two
slender guide rails, one on either side, which were
connected with the footway by steel bars. The bridge
looked rather frail and Dorothy feared it would not
bear their weight, but Ozma at once called, "Come on!"
and started to walk across, holding fast to the rail on
either side. So Dorothy summoned her courage and
followed after. Before Ozma had taken three steps she
halted and so forced Dorothy to halt, for the bridge
was again moving and returning to the island.

"We need not walk after all," said Ozma. So they
stood still in their places and let the steel bridge
draw them onward. Indeed, the bridge drew them well
into the glass-domed building which covered the island,
and soon they found themselves standing in a marble
room where two handsomely dressed young men stood on a
platform to receive them.

Ozma at once stepped from the end of the bridge to
the marble platform, followed by Dorothy, and then the
bridge disappeared with a slight clang of steel and a
marble slab covered the opening from which it had
emerged.

The two young men bowed profoundly to Ozma, and one
of them said:

"Queen Coo-ee-oh bids you welcome, O Strangers. Her
Majesty is waiting to receive you in her palace."

"Lead on," replied Ozma with dignity.

But instead of "leading on," the platform of marble
began to rise, carrying them upward through a square
hole above which just fitted it. A moment later they
found themselves within the great glass dome that
covered almost all of the island.

Within this dome was a little village, with houses,
streets, gardens and parks. The houses were of colored
marbles, prettily designed, with many stained-glass
windows, and the streets and gardens seemed well cared
for. Exactly under the center of the lofty dome was a
small park filled with brilliant flowers, with an
elaborate fountain, and facing this park stood a
building larger and more imposing than the others.
Toward this building the young men escorted Ozma and
Dorothy.

On the streets and in the doorways or open windows of
the houses were men, women and children, all richly
dressed. These were much like other people in different
parts of the Land of Oz, except that instead of seeming
merry and contented they all wore expressions of much
solemnity or of nervous irritation. They had beautiful
homes, splendid clothes, and ample food, but Dorothy at
once decided something was wrong with their lives and
that they were not happy. She said nothing, however,
but looked curiously at the Skeezers.

At the entrance of the palace Ozma and Dorothy were
met by two other young men, in uniform and armed with
queer weapons that seemed about halfway between pistols
and guns, but were like neither. Their conductors bowed
and left them, and the two in uniforms led the girls
into the palace.

In a beautiful throne room, surrounded by a dozen or
more young men and women, sat the Queen of the
Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh. She was a girl who looked older
than Ozma or Dorothy -- fifteen or sixteen, at least --
and although she was elaborately dressed as if she were
going to a ball she was too thin and plain of feature
to be pretty. But evidently Queen Coo-ee-oh did not
realize this fact, for her air and manner betrayed her
as proud and haughty and with a high regard for her own
importance. Dorothy at once decided she was "snippy"
and that she would not like Queen Coo-ee-oh as a
companion.

The Queen's hair was as black as her skin was white
and her eyes were black, too. The eyes, as she calmly
examined Ozma and Dorothy, had a suspicious and
unfriendly look in them, but she said quietly:

"I know who you are, for I have consulted my Magic
Oracle, which told me that one calls herself Princess
Ozma, the Ruler of all the Land of Oz, and the other is
Princess Dorothy of Oz, who came from a country called
Kansas. I know nothing of the Land of Oz, and I know
nothing of Kansas."

"Why, this is the Land of Oz!" cried Dorothy. "It's a
part of the Land of Oz, anyhow, whether you know it or
not."

"Oh, in-deed!" answered Queen Coo-ee-oh, scornfully.
"I suppose you will claim next that this Princess Ozma,
ruling the Land of Oz, rules me!"

"Of course," returned Dorothy. "There's no doubt of
it."

The Queen turned to Ozma.

"Do you dare make such a claim?" she asked.

By this time Ozma had made up her mind as to the
character of this haughty and disdainful creature,
whose self-pride evidently led her to believe herself
superior to all others.

"I did not come here to quarrel with your Majesty,"
said the girl Ruler of Oz, quietly. "What and who I am
is well established, and my authority comes from the
Fairy Queen Lurline, of whose band I was a member when
Lurline made all Oz a Fairyland. There are several
countries and several different peoples in this broad
land, each of which has its separate rulers, Kings,
Emperors and Queens. But all these render obedience to
my laws and acknowledge me as the supreme Ruler."

"If other Kings and Queens are fools that does not
interest me in the least," replied Coo-ee-oh,
disdainfully. "In the Land of the Skeezers I alone am
supreme. You are impudent to think I would defer to you
-- or to anyone else."

"Let us not speak of this now, please," answered
Ozma. "Your island is in danger, for a powerful foe is
preparing to destroy it."

"Pah! The Flatheads. I do not fear them."

"Their Supreme Dictator is a Sorcerer."

"My magic is greater than his. Let the Flatheads
come! They will never return to their barren mountain-
top. I will see to that."

Ozma did not like this attitude, for it meant that
the Skeezers were eager to fight the Flatheads, and
Ozma's object in coming here was to prevent fighting
and induce the two quarrelsome neighbors to make peace.
She was also greatly disappointed in Coo-ee-oh, for the
reports of Su-dic had led her to imagine the Queen more
just and honorable than were the Flatheads. Indeed Ozma
reflected that the girl might be better at heart than
her self-pride and overbearing manner indicated, and in
any event it would be wise not to antagonize her but to
try to win her friendship.

"I do not like wars, your Majesty," said Ozma. "In
the Emerald City, where I rule thousands of people, and
in the countries near to the Emerald City, where
thousands more acknowledge my rule, there is no army at
all, because there is no quarreling and no need to
fight. If differences arise between my people, they
come to me and I judge the cases and award justice to
all. So, when I learned there might be war between two
faraway people of Oz, I came here to settle the dispute
and adjust the quarrel."

"No one asked you to come," declared Queen Coo-ee-oh.
"It is my business to settle this dispute, not yours.
You say my island is a part of the Land of Oz, which
you rule, but that is all nonsense, for I've never
heard of the Land of Oz, nor of you. You say you are a
fairy, and that fairies gave you command over me. I
don't believe it! What I do believe is that you are an
impostor and have come here to stir up trouble among my
people, who are already becoming difficult to manage.
You two girls may even be spies of the vile Flatheads,
for all I know, and may be trying to trick me. But
understand this," she added, proudly rising from her
jeweled throne to confront them, "I have magic powers
greater than any fairy possesses, and greater than any
Flathead possesses. I am a Krumbic Witch -- the only
Krumbic Witch in the world -- and I fear the magic of
no other creature that exists! You say you rule
thousands. I rule one hundred and one Skeezers. But
every one of them trembles at my word. Now that Ozma of





TOM SWIFT AND HIS BIG TUNNEL
or
The Hidden City of the Andes

by
Victor Appleton



CONTENTS
    I  An Appeal for Aid
   II  Explanations
  III  A Face at the Window
   IV  Tom's Experiments
    V  Mary's Present
   VI  Mr. Nestor's Letter
  VII  Off for Peru
 VIII  The Bearded Man
   IX  The Bomb
    X  Professor Bumper
   XI  In the Andes
  XII  The Tunnel
 XIII  Tom's Explosive
  XIV  Mysterious Disappearances
   XV  Frightened Indians
  XVI  On the Watch
 XVII  The Condor
XVIII  The Indian Strike
  XIX  A Woman Tells
   XX  Despair
  XXI  A New Explosive
 XXII  The Fight
XXIII  A Great Blast
 XXIV  The Hidden City
  XXV  Success




TOM SWIFT AND HIS BIG TUNNEL




Chapter I

An Appeal for Aid



Tom Swift, seated in his laboratory engaged in trying to
solve a puzzling question that had arisen over one of his
inventions, was startled by a loud knock on the door. So
emphatic, in fact, was the summons that the door trembled,
and Tom started to his feet in some alarm.

"Hello there!" he cried. "Don't break the door, Koku!" and
then he laughed. "No one but my giant would knock like
that," he said to himself. "He never does seem able to do
things gently. But I wonder why he is knocking. I told him
to get the engine out of the airship, and Eradicate said
he'd be around to answer the telephone and bell. I wonder if
anything has happened?

Tom shoved back his chair, pushed aside the mass of papers
over which he had been puzzling, and strode to the door.
Flinging it open he confronted a veritable giant of a man,
nearly eight feet tall, and big in proportion. The giant,
Koku, for that was his name, smiled in a good-natured way,
reminding one of an overgrown boy.

"Master hear my knock?" the giant asked cheerfully.

"Hear you, Koku? Say, I couldn't hear anything else!"
exclaimed Tom. "Did you think you had to arouse the whole
neighborhood just to let me know you were at the door? Jove!
I thought you'd have it off the hinges."

"If me break, me fix," said Koku, who, from his appearance
and from his imperfect command of English, was evidently a
foreigner.

"Yes, I know you can fix lots of things, Koku," Tom went
on, kindly enough. "But you musn't forget what enormous
strength you have. That's the reason I sent you to take the
engine out of the airship. You can lift it without using the
chain hoist, and I can't get the chain hoist fast unless I
remove all the superstructure. I don't want to do that. Did
you get the engine out?"

"Not quite. Almost, Master."

"Then why are you here? Has anything gone wrong?"

"No, everything all right, Master.  But man come to
machine shop and say he must have talk with you. I no let
him come past the gate, but I say I come and call you."

"That's right, Koku. Don't let any strangers past the
gate. But why didn't Eradicate come and call me. He isn't
doing anything, is he? Unless, indeed, he has gone to feed
his mule, Boomerang."

"Eradicate, he come to call you, but that black man no
good!" and Koku chuckled so heartily that he shook the floor
of the office.

"What's the matter with Eradicate?" asked Tom, somewhat
anxiously. "I hope you and he haven't had another row?"
Eradicate had served Tom and his father long before Koku,
the giant, had been brought back from one of the young
inventor's many strange trips, and ever since then there had
been a jealous rivalry between the twain as to who should
best serve Tom.

"No trouble, Master," said Koku. "Eradicate he start to
come and tell you strange man want to have talk, but
Eradicate he no come fast enough. So I pick him up, and I
set him down by gate to stand on guard, and I come to tell
you. Koku come quick!"

"Oh, I knew it must be something like that!" exclaimed Tom
in some vexation. "Now I'll have Eradicate complaining to me
that you mauled him. Picked him up and set him down again;

"Sure. One hand!" boasted the giant. "Eradicate him not be
heavy. More as a sack of flour now."

"No, poor Eradicate is getting pretty old and thin,"
commented Tom. "He can't move very quickly. But you should
have let him come, Koku. It makes him feel badly when he
thinks he can't be of service to me any more.

"Man say he in hurry." The giant spoke softly, as though
he felt the gentle rebuke Tom administered. "Koku run quick
tell you--bang on door."

"Yes, you banged all right, Koku. Well, it can't be
helped, I reckon. Where is this strange man? Who is he? Did
you ever see him before?"

"Me no can tell, Master. Not sure. But him now be at the
outer gate. Eradicate watch."

"All right. I'll go and see who it is. I don't want any
strangers poking around here, especially With the plans of
my new gyroscope lying in plain view."

Before he left the laboratory Tom swept into a desk drawer
the mass of papers and blue prints, and locked the
receptacle.

"No use taking any chances," he remarked. "I've had too
much trouble with people trying to get inside information
about dad's and my patents. Now, Koku, I'll go and see this
man."

The buildings composing the plant of Tom Swift and his
father at Shopton were enclosed by a high, board fence, and
at one of the entrances was a sort of gate-house, where some
one was always on guard. Only those who could give a good
account of themselves, workmen in the plant, or those known
to the sentinel were admitted.

It happened that the colored man, Eradicate, was on guard
at the gates this day when the stranger asked to see Tom.
Koku, working on the airship engine not far away, saw the
stranger. Hearing the man say he was in a hurry and noting
the slow progress of the aged Eradicate, who was troubled
with rheumatism, the giant took matters into his own hands.

Tom Swift entered the gate-house and saw, seated in a
chair, a man who was impatiently tapping the floor with his
thick-soled shoe.

"Looks like a detective or a policeman in disguise,"
thought Tom, for, almost invariably, members of this
profession wear very thick-soled shoes. Opposite the
stranger sat Eradicate, a much-injured look on his honest,
black face.

"Oh, Massa Tom!" exclaimed Eradicate, as soon as the young
inventor entered. "Dat Koku he--he--he done gone and cotch
me by de collar ob mah coat, an' den he lif' me up, an' he
sot me down so hard--so hard--dat he jar loose all mah back
teef!" and Eradicate opened his mouth wide to display his
gleaming ivories.

"Eradicate, he no can come quick. He walk like so
fashion!" and Koku, who had followed the young inventor,
imitated the limping gait of the colored man with such a
queer effect that Tom could not help laughing, and the
stranger smiled.

"Ef I gits holt on yo'--ef I does, yo' great, big,
overgrown lummox, Ah'll--Ah'll--" began the colored man,
stammeringly.

"There. That will do now!" interrupted Tom. "Don't quarrel
in here. Koku, get back to that engine and lift out the
motor. Eradicate, didn't father tell you to whitewash the
chicken coops to-day?"

"Dat's what he done, Massa Tom.

"Well, go and see about that. I'll stay here for a while,
and when I leave I'll call one of you, or some one else, to
be on guard. Skip now!"

Having thus disposed of the warring factions, Tom turned
to the stranger and after apologizing for the little
interruption, asked:

"You wished to see me?"

"If you're Tom Swift; yes."

"Well, I'm Tom Swift," and the young owner of the name
smiled.

"I hope you will pardon a stranger for calling on you,"
resumed the man, "but I'm in a lot of trouble, and I think
you are the only one who can help me out."

"What sort of trouble?" Tom inquired.

"Contracting trouble--tunnel blasting, to be exact. But if
you have a few minutes to spare perhaps you will listen to
my story. You will then be better able to understand my
difficulty."

Tom Swift considered a moment. He was used to having
appeals for help made to him, and usually they were of a
begging nature. He was often asked for money to help some
struggling inventor complete his machine.

In many cases the machines would have been of absolutely
no use if perfected. In other cases the inventions were of
the utterly hopeless class, incapable of perfection, like
some perpetual motion apparatus. In these cases Tom turned a
deaf ear, though if the inventor were in want our hero
relieved him.

But this case did not seem to be like anything Tom had
ever met with before.

"Contracting trouble--blasting," repeated the youth, as he
mused over what he had heard.

"That's it," the man went on. "Permit me to introduce
myself" and he held out a card, on which was the name

MR. JOB TITUS


Down in the lower left-hand corner was a line:

"Titus Brothers, Contractors."

"I am glad to meet you, "Mr. Titus," Tom said warmly,
offering his hand. "I don't know anything about the
contracting business, but if you do blasting I suppose you
use explosives, and I know a little about them."

"So I have heard, and that's why I came to you," the
contractor went on. "Now if you'll give me a few minutes of
your time--"

"You had better come up to the house," interrupted Tom.
"We can talk more quietly there."

Calling a young fellow who was at work near by to occupy
the gate-house, Tom led Mr. Titus toward the Swift
homestead, and, a little later, ushered him into the
library.

"Now I'll listen to you," the youth said, "though I can't
promise to aid you."

"I realize that," returned Mr. Titus. "This is a sort of
last chance I'm taking. My brother and I have heard a lot
about you, and when he wrote to me that he was unable to
proceed with his contract of tunneling the Andes Mountains
for the Peruvian government, I made up my mind you were the
one who could help us if you would."

"Tunneling the Andes Mountains!" exclaimed Tom.

"Yes. The firm represented by my brother and myself have a
contract to build a railroad for the Peruvian government. At
a point some distance back in the district east of Lima,
Peru, we are making a tunnel under the mountain. That is, we
have it started, but now we can't advance any further."

"Why not?"

"Because of the peculiar character of the rock, which
seems to defy the strongest explosive we can get. Now I
understand you used a powder in your giant cannon that--"

Mr. Titus paused in his explanation, for at that moment
there arose such a clatter out on the front piazza as
effectually to drown conversation. There was a noise of the
hoofs of a horse, the fall of a heavy body, a tattoo on the
porch floor and then came an excited shout:

"Whoa there! Whoa! Stop! Look out where you're kicking!
Bless my saddle blanket! Ouch! There I go!"




Chapter II

Explanations



"What in the world is that?" cried Mr. Job Titus, in alarm.

Tom Swift did not answer. Instead he jumped up from his
chair and ran toward the front door. Mr. Titus followed.
They both saw a strange sight.

Standing on the front porch, which he seemed to occupy
completely, was a large horse, with a saddle twisted
underneath him. The animal was looking about him as calmly
as though he always made it a practice to come up on the
front piazza when stopping at a house.

Off to one side, with a crushed hat on the back of his
head, with a coat split up the back, with a broken riding
crop in one hand and a handkerchief in the other, sat a
dignified, elderly gentleman.

That is, he would have been dignified had it not been for
his position and condition. No gentleman can look dignified
with a split coat and a crushed hat on, sitting under the
nose of a horse on a front piazza, with his raiment
otherwise much disheveled, while he wipes his scratched and
bleeding face with a handkerchief.

"Bless my--bless my--" began the elderly gentleman, and he
seemed at a loss what particular portion of his anatomy or
that of the horse, to bless, or what portion of the universe
to appeal to, for he ended up with: "Bless everything, Tom
Swift!"

"I heartily agree with you, Mr. Damon!" cried Tom. "But
what in the world happened?"

"That!" exclaimed Mr. Damon, pointing with his broken crop
at the horse on the piazza. "I was riding him when he ran
away--just as my motorcycle tried to climb a tree. No more
horses for me! I'll stick to airships," and slamming his
riding crop down on the porch floor with such force that the
horse started back, Mr. Damon arose, painfully enough if the
contortions on his face and his grunts of pain went for
anything.

"Let me help you!" begged Tom, striding forward. "Mr.
Titus, perhaps you will kindly lead the horse down off the
piazza?"

"Certainly!" answered the tunnel contractor. "Whoa now!"
he called soothingly, as the steed evinced a disposition to
sit down on the side railing. "Steady now!"

The horse finally allowed himself to be led down the broad
front steps, sadly marking them, as well as the floor of the
piazza, with his sharp shoes.

"Ouch! Oh, my back!" exclaimed Mr. Damon, as Tom helped
him to stand up.

"Is it hurt?" asked Tom, anxiously.

"No, I've just got what old-fashioned folks call a 'crick'
in it," explained the elderly horseman. "But it feels more
like a river than a 'crick.' I'll be all right presently."

"How did it happen?" asked Tom, as he led his guest toward
the hall. Meanwhile Mr. Titus, wondering what it was all
about, had tied the horse to a post out near the street
curb, and had re-entered the library.

"I was riding over to see you, Tom, to ask you if you
wouldn't go to South America with me," began Mr. Damon,
rubbing his leg tenderly.

"South America?" cried Tom, with a sudden look at Mr.
Titus.

"Yes, South America. Why, there isn't anything strange in
that, is there? You've been to wilder countries, and
farther away than that."

"Yes, I know--it's just a coincidence. Go on."

"Let me get where I can sit down," begged Mr. Damon. "I
think that crick in my back is running down into my legs,
Tom. I feel a bit weak. Let me sit down, and get me a glass
of water. I shall be all right presently."

Between them Tom and Mr. Titus assisted the horseman into
an easy chair, and there, under the influence of a cup of
hot tea, which Mrs. Baggert, the housekeeper, insisted on
making for him, he said he felt much better, and would
explain the reason for his call which had culminated in such
a sensational manner.

And while Mr. Damon is preparing his explanation I will
take just a few moments to acquaint my new readers with some
facts about Tom Swift, and the previous volumes of this
series in which he has played such prominent parts.

Tom Swift was the son of an inventor, and not only
inherited his father's talents, but had greatly added to
them, so that now Tom had a wonderful reputation.

Mr. Swift was a widower, and he and Tom lived in a big
house in Shopton, New York State, with Mrs. Baggert for a
housekeeper. About the house, from time to time, shops and
laboratories had been erected, until now there was a large
and valuable establishment belonging to Tom and his father.

The first volume of this series is entitled, "Tom Swift
and His Motor Cycle." It was through a motor cycle that Tom
became acquainted with Mr. Wakefield Damon, who lived in a
neighboring town. Mr. Damon had bought the motor cycle for
himself, but, as he said, one day in riding it the machine
tried to climb a tree near the Swift house.

The young inventor (for even then he was working on
several patents) ministered to Mr. Damon, who, disgusted
with the motor cycle, and wishing to reward Tom, let the
young fellow have the machine.

Tom's career began from that hour. For he learned to ride
the motor cycle, after making some improvements in it, and
from then on the youth had led a busy life. Soon afterward
he secured a motor boat and from that it was but a step to
an airship.

The medium of the air having been conquered, Tom again
turned his attention to the water, or rather, under the
water, and he and his father made a submarine. Then he built
an electric runabout, the speediest car on the road.

It was when Ton Swift had occasion to send his wireless
message from a lonely island where he had been shipwrecked
that he was able to do Mr. and Mrs. Nestor a valuable
service, and this increased the regard which Miss Mary
Nestor felt for the young inventor, a regard that bid fair,
some day, to ripen into something stronger.

Tom Swift might have made a fortune when he set out to
discover the secret of the diamond makers. But Fate
intervened, and soon after that quest he went to the caves
of ice, where he and his friends met with disaster. In his
sky racer Tom broke all records for speed, and when he went
to Africa to rescue a missionary, had it not been for his
electric rifle the tide of battle would have gone against
him and his party.

Marvelous, indeed, were the adventures underground, which
came to Tom when he went to look for the city of gold, but
the treasure there was not more valuable than the platinum
which Tom sought in dreary Siberia by means of his air
glider.

Tom thought his end had come when he fell into captivity
among the giants; but even that turned out well, and he
brought two of the giants away with him. Koku, one of the
two giants, became devotedly attached to the lad, much to
the disgust of Eradicate Sampson, the old negro who had
worked for the Swifts for a generation, and who, with his
mule Boomerang, "eradicated" from the place as much dirt as
possible.

With his wizard camera Tom did much to advance the cause
of science. His great searchlight was of great help to the
United States government in putting a stop to the Canadian
smugglers, while his giant cannon was a distinct advance in
ordnance, not excepting the great German guns used in the
European war.

When Tom perfected his photo telephone the last objection
to rendering telephonic conversation admissible evidence in
a law court was done away with, for by this invention a
person was able to see, as well as to hear, over the
telephone wire. One practically stood face to face with the
person, miles away, to whom one was talking.

The volume immediately preceding this present one is
called: "Tom Swift and His Aerial Warship." The young
inventor perfected a marvelous aircraft that was the naval
terror of the seas, and many governments, recognizing what
an important part aircraft were going to play in all future
conflicts, were anxious to secure Tom's machine. But he was
true to his own country, though his rivals were nearly
successful in their plots against him.

The Mars, which was the name of Tom's latest craft, proved
to be a great success, and the United States government
purchased it. It was not long after the completion of this
transaction that the events narrated in the first chapter of
this book took place.

Mr. Damon and Tom had been firm friends ever since the
episode of the motor cycle, and the eccentric gentleman (who
blessed so many things) often went with Tom on his trips.
Besides Mary Nestor, Tom had other friends. The one, after
Miss Nestor, for whom he cared most (if we except Mr. Damon)
was Ned Newton, who was employed in a Shopton bank. Ned also
had often gone with Tom, though lately, having a better
position, he had less time to spare.

"Well, do you feel better, Mr. Damon?" asked Tom, after a
bit.

"Yes, very much, thank you. Bless my pen wiper! but I
thought I was done for when I saw my horse bolt for your
front stoop. He rushed up it, fell down, but, fortunately, I
managed to get out of his way, though the saddle girth
slipped. And all I could think of was that my wife would
say: 'I told you so!' for she warned me not to ride this
animal.

"But he never ran away with me before, and I was in a
hurry to get over to see you, Tom. Now then, let's get down
to business. Will you go to South America with me?"

"Whereabout in South America are you going, Mr. Damon, and
why?" Tom asked.

"To Peru, Tom."

"What a coincidence!" exclaimed Mr. Titus.

"I beg your pardon?" said Mr. Damon, interrogatively.

"I said what a coincidence. I am going there myself."

"Excuse me," interposed Tom, "I don't believe, in the
excitement of the moment, I introduced you gentlemen. Allow
me--Mr. Damon--Mr. Titus."

The presentation over, Mr. Damon went on:

"You see, Tom, I have lately invested considerable money
in a wholesale drug concern. We deal largely in Peruvian
remedies, principally the bark of the cinchona tree, from
which quinine is made. Of late there has been some trouble
over our concession from the Peruvian government, and the
company has decided to send me down there to investigate.

"Of course, as soon as I made up my mind to go I thought
of you. So I came over to see if you would not accompany me.
All went well until I reached your front gate. Then my horse
became frightened by a yellow toy balloon some boy was
blowing up in the street and bolted with me. I suppose if it
had been a red or green balloon the effect would have been
the same. However, here I am, somewhat the worse for wear.
Now Tom, what do you say? Will you go to South America--to
Peru--with me, and help look up this Quinine business?"

Once more Mr. Titus and Tom looked at each other.




Chapter III

A Face at the Window



"What is the matter?" asked Mr. Damon, catching the glance
between Tom and the contractor. "Is there anything wrong
with South America--Peru? I know they have lots of
revolutions in those countries, but I don't believe Peru is
what they call a 'banana republic'; is it?"

"No," and Mr. Titus shook his head. "It isn't a question
of revolutions."

"But it's something!" insisted Mr. Damon. "Bless my ink
bottle! but it's something. As soon as I mention Peru, Tom,
you and Mr. Titus eye each other as if I'd said something
dreadful. Out with it! What is it?"

"It's just--just a coincidence," Tom said. "But go on, Mr.
Damon. Finish what you have to say and then we'll explain."

"Well, I guess I've told you all you need to know for the
present. I went into this wholesale drug concern, hoping to
make some money, but now, on account of the trouble down in
Peru, we stand to lose considerable unless I can get back
the cinchona concession."

"What does that mean?" Tom asked.

"Well, it means that our concern secured from the Peruvian
government the right to take this quinine-producing bark
from the trees in a certain tropical section. But there has
been a change in the government in the district where our
men were working, and now the privilege, or concession, has
been withdrawn. I'm going down to see if I can't get it
back. And I want you to go with me."

"And I came here for very nearly the same thing," went on
Mr. Titus. "That is where the coincidence comes in. It is
strange that we should both appeal to Mr. Swift at the same
time."

"Well, Tom's a valuable helper!" exclaimed Mr. Damon. "I
know him of old, for I've been on many a trip with him."

"This is the first time I have had the pleasure of meeting
him," resumed the tunnel contractor, "but I have heard of
him. I did not ask him to go to South America for us. I only
wanted to get some superior explosive for my brother, who is
in charge of driving the railroad tunnel through a spur of
the Andes. I look after matters up North here, but I may
have to go to Peru myself.

"As I told Mr. Swift, I had read of his invention of the
giant cannon and the special powder he used in it to send a
projectile such a distance. The cannon is now mounted as one
of the pieces of ordnance for the defense of the Panama
Canal, is it not?" he asked Tom.

The young inventor nodded in assent.

"Having heard of you, and the wonderful explosive used in
your big cannon," the contractor went on, "I wrote to my
brother that I would try and get some for him.

"You see," he resumed, "this is the situation. Back in the
Andes Mountains, a couple of hundred miles east of Lima, the
government is building a short railroad line to connect two
others. If this is done it will mean that the products of
Peru--quinine bark, coffee, cocoa, sugar, rubber, incense
and gold can more easily be transported. But to connect the
two railroad lines a big tunnel must be constructed.

"My brother and I make a specialty of such work, and when
we saw bids advertised for, our firm put in an estimate.
There was some trouble with a rival firm, which also bid,
but we secured the contract, and bound ourselves to have the
tunnel finished within a certain time, or forfeit a large
sum.

"That was over a year ago. Since then our men, aided by
the native Indians of Peru, have been tunneling the
mountain, until, about a month back, we struck a snag."

"What sort of snag?" Tom asked.

"A snag in the shape of extra hard rock," replied the
tunnel contractor. "Briefly, Paleozoic rocks make up the
eastern part of the Andean Mountains in Peru, while the
western range is formed of Mesozoic beds, volcanic ashes and
lava of comparatively recent date. Near the coast the lower
hills are composed of crystalline rocks, syenite and
granite, with, here and there, a strata of sandstone or
limestone. These are, undoubtedly, relics of the lower
Cretaceous age, and we, or rather, my brother, states that
he has found them covered with marine Tertiary deposits.

"Now this Mesozoic band varies greatly. Porphyritic tuffs
and massive limestone compose the western chain of the Andes
above Lima, while in the Oroya Valley we find carbonaceous
sandstones. Some of the tuffs may be of the Jurassic age,
though the Cretaceous period is also largely represented.

"Now while these different masses of rock formation offer
hard enough problems to the tunnel digger, still we are more
or less prepared to meet them, and we figured on a certain
percentage of them. Up to the present time we have met with
just about what we expected, but what we did not expect was
something we came upon when the tunnel had been driven three
miles into the mountain."

"What did you find?" asked Tom, who knew enough about
geology to understand the terms used. Mr. Damon did not,
however, and when Mr. Titus rolled off some of the technical
words, the drug investor softly murmured such expressions as

"Bless my thermometer! Bless my porous plaster!"

"We found," resumed Mr. Titus, "after we bad bored for a
considerable distance into the mountain, a mass of volcanic
rock which is so hard that our best diamond drills are
dulled in a short time, and the explosives we use merely
shatter the face of the cutting, and give us hardly any
progress at all.

"It was after several trials, and when my brother found
that he was making scarcely any progress, compared to the
energy of his men and the blasting, that he wrote to me,
explaining matters. I at once thought of you, Tom Swift, and
your powerful explosive, for I had read about it.

"Now then, will you sell us some of your powder--explosive
or whatever you call it--Mr. Swift, or tell us where we can
get it? We need it soon, for we are losing valuable time."

Mr. Titus paused to draw on a piece of paper a rough map
of Peru, and the district where the tunnel was being
constructed. He showed where the two railroad lines were,
and where the new route would bring them together, the
tunnel eliminating a big grade up which it would have been
impossible to haul trains of any weight.

"What do you say, Mr. Swift?" the contractor concluded.
"Will you let us have some of your powder? Or, better still,
will you come to Peru yourself? That would suit us
immensely, for you could be right on the ground. And you
could carry out your plan of going with your friend here,"
and Mr. Titus nodded toward Mr. Damon. "That is, if you were
thinking of going."

"Well, I was thinking of it," Tom admitted. "Mr. Damon and
I have been on so many trips together that it seems sort of
natural for us to 'team it.' I have never been to Peru, and
I should like to see the country. There is only one matter
though, that bothers me."

"What is it?" asked Mr. Titus quickly. "If it is a
question of money dismiss it from your mind. The Peruvian
government is paying a large sum for this tunnel, and we
stand to make considerable, even if we were the lowest
bidders. We can afford to pay you well--that is, we shall be
able to if we can complete the bore on time. That is what is
bothering me now--the unexpected strata of hard rock we have
met with, which seems impossible to blast. But I feel sure
we can do it with the explosive used in your giant cannon."

"That is just the point!" Tom exclaimed. "I am not so sure
my explosive would do."

"Why not?" the tunnel contractor asked. "It's powerful
enough; isn't it?"

"Yes, it is powerful enough, but whether it will have the
right effect on volcanic rock is hard to say. I should like
to see a rock sample."

"I can telegraph to have some sent here to you," said Mr.
Titus eagerly. "Meantime, here is a description of it. I can
read you that"; and, taking a letter from his pocket, he
read to Tom a geological description of the hard rock.

"Hum! Yes," mused Tom, as he listened. "It seems to be of
the nature of obsidian."

"Bless my watch chain!" cried Mr. Damon. "What's that?"

"Obsidian is a volcanic rock--a sort of combination of
glass and flint for hardness," Tom explained. "It is
brittle, black in color, and the natives of the Admiralty
Islands use it for tipping their spears with which they slay
victims for their cannibalistic feasts."

"Bless my--bless my ear-drums!" gasped Mr. Damon.
"Cannibals!"

"Obsidian was also used by the ancient Mexicans to make
knives and daggers," Tom went on. "When Cortez conquered
Mexico he found the priests cutting the hearts from their
living victims with knives made from this volcanic glass-
like rock, known as obsidian. It may be that your brother
has met with a vein of that in the tunnel," Tom said to
the contractor.

"Possibly," admitted Mr. Titus.

"In that case," Tom stated, "I may have to use a new kind
of explosive. That used for my giant cannon would merely
crumble the hard rock for a short distance."

"Then will you accept the contract, and help us out?"
asked Mr. Titus eagerly. "We will pay you well. Will you
come to Peru and look over the ground?"

"And kill two birds with one stone, and come with me
also?" put in Mr. Damon.

Tom pondered for a moment. He was about to answer when the
tunnel contractor, who was looking from the library window,
suddenly jumped from his chair crying:

"There he is again! Once more dogging me!"

As he rushed from the room, Tom and Mr. Damon had a
glimpse of a face at one of the low library windows--a face
that had an evil look. It disappeared as Mr. Titus ran from
the room.




Chapter IV

Tom's Experiments



"Bless my looking glass, Tom, what does that mean?"
exclaimed Mr. Damon. "That face!"

"I don't know," answered the young inventor. "But the
sight of some one looking in here seemed to disturb Mr.
Titus. We must follow him."

"Perhaps he saw your giant Koku looking in," suggested the
odd, little man who blessed everything he could think of.
"The sight of his face, to any one not knowing him, Tom,
would be enough to cause fright."

"It wasn't Koku who looked in the window," said Tom,
decidedly. "It was some stranger. Come on."

The young inventor and Mr. Damon hurried out after the
tunnel contractor, who was running down the road that led in
front of the Swift homestead.

"He's chasing some one, Tom," called Mr. Damon.

"Yes, I see he is. But who?"

"I can't see any one," reported Mr. Damon, who had run
down to the gate, at which his horse was still standing.
Mr. Damon had washed the dirt from his hands and face, and
was wearing one of Mr. Swift's coats in place of his own
split one.

Tom joined the eccentric man and together they looked down
the road after the running Mr. Titus. They were in half a
mind to join him, when they saw him pull up short, raise his
hands as though he had given over the pursuit, and turn
back.

"I guess he got away, whoever he was," remarked Tom.
"We'll walk down and meet Mr. Titus, and ask him what it all
means."

Shortly afterward they came up to the contractor, who was
breathing heavily after his run, for he was evidently not
used to such exercise.

"I beg your pardon, Tom Swift, for leaving you and Mr.
Damon in such a fashion," said Mr. Titus, "but I had to act
quickly or lose the chance of catching that rascal. As it
was, he got away, but I think I gave him a scare, and h~e
knows that I saw him. It will make him more cautious in the
future."

"Who was it?" asked Tom.

"Well, I didn't have as close a look as I could have
wished for," the contractor said, as he walked back toward
the house with Tom and Mr. Damon, "but I'm pretty sure the
face that peered in at us through the library window was
that of Isaac Waddington."

"And who is he, if it isn't asking information that ought
not be given out?" inquired Mr. Damon.

"Oh, no, certainly. I can tell you," said the contractor.
"Only perhaps we had better wait until we get back to the
house.

"Since one of their men was seen lurking around here there
may be others," went on Mr. Titus, when the three were once
more seated in the Swift library. "It is best to be on the
safe side. The face I saw, I'm sure, was that of Waddington,
who is a tool of Blakeson & Grinder, rival tunnel
contractors. They put in a bid on this Andes tunnel, but we
were lower in our figures by several thousand dollars, and
the contract was awarded to us.

"Blakeson & Grinder tried, by every means in their power,
to get the job away from us. They even invoked the aid of
some Peruvian revolutionists and politicians, but we held
our ground and began the work. Since then they have had
spies and emissaries on our trail, trying their best to make
us fail in our work, so the Peruvian officials might
abrogate the contract and give it to them.

"But, so far, we've managed to come out ahead. This
Waddington is a sort of spy, and I've found him dodging me
several times of late. I suppose he wants to find out my
plans so as to be ready to jump in the breach in case we
fail."

"Do you think your rivals had anything to do with the
difficulties you are now meeting with in digging the
tunnel?" asked Mr. Damon. Mr. Titus shook his head.

"The present difficulties are all of Nature's doing," he
said. "It's just the abnormally hard rock that is bothering
us. Only for that we'd be all right, though we might have
petty difficulties because of the mean acts of Blakeson &
Grinder. But I don't fear them."

"How do you think this Waddington, if it was he, knew you
were coming here?" asked Tom.

"I can only guess. My brother and I have had some
correspondence regarding you, Tom Swift. That is, I
announced my intention of coming to see you, and my brother
wrote me to use my discretion. I wrote back that I would
consult you

"Our main office is in New York, where we employ a large
clerical and expert force. There is nothing to prevent one
of our stenographers, for instance, turning traitor and
giving copies of the letters of my brother and myself to our
rivals.

"Mind you, I don't say this was done, and I don't suspect
any of our employees, but it would be an easy matter for any
one to know my plans. I never thought of making a secret of
them, or of my trip here. In some way Waddington found out
about the last, and he must have followed me here. Then he
sneaked up under the window, and tried to hear what we
said."

"Do you think he did?" asked Tom.

"I wouldn't be surprised. We took no pains to lower our
voices. But, after all, he hasn't learned much that he
didn't know before, if he knew I was coming here. He didn't
learn the secret of the explosive that must be used, and
that is the vital thing. For I defy him, or any other
contractor, to blast that hard rock with any known
explosive. We've tried every kind on the market and we've
failed. We'll have to depend on you, Tom Swift, to help us
out with some of your giant cannon powder."

"And I'm not sure that will work," said the young
inventor. "I think I'll have to experiment and make a new
explosive, if I conclude to go to Peru."

"Oh, you'll go all right!" declared Mr. Titus with a
smile. "I can see that you are eager for the adventures I am
sure you'll find there, and, besides, your friend here, Mr.
Damon, needs you."

"That's what I do, Tom!" exclaimed the odd man. "Bless my
excursion ticket, but you must come!"

"I'll have to invent the new powder first," Tom said.

"That's what I like to hear!" exclaimed Mr. Titus. "It
shows you are thinking of coming with us."

Tom only smiled.

"I am so anxious to get the proper explosive," Went on Mr.
Titus, "that I would even purchase it from our rivals,
Blakeson & Grinder, if I thought they had it. But I'm sure
they have not, though they may think they can get it.

"That may be the reason they are following me so closely.
They may want to know just when we will fail, and have to
give up the contract, and they may think they can step in
and finish the work. But I don't believe, without your help,
Tom Swift, that they can blast that hard rock, and--"

"Well, I'll say this," interrupted Tom, "first come, first
served with me, other things being equal. You have applied
to me and, like a lawyer, I won't go over to the other side
now. I consider myself retained by your firm, Mr. Titus, to
invent some sort of explosive, and if I am successful I
shall expect to be paid."

"Oh, of course!" cried the contractor eagerly.

"Very good," Tom went on. "You needn't fear that I'll help
the other fellows. Now to get down to business. I must see
some samples of this rock in order to know what kind of
explosive force is needed to rend it."

"I have some in New York," went on the contractor. "I'll
have it sent to you at once. I would have brought it, only
it is too heavy to carry easily, and I was not sure I could
engage you."

"Did that fellow--Waddington, I believe you called him--
get away from you?" asked Mr. Damon.

"Clean away," the contractor answered. "He was a better
runner than I."

"It doesn't matter much," Tom said. "He didn't hear
anything that would benefit him, and I'll give my men orders
to be on the lookout for him. What sort of fellow is he, Mr.
Titus?"

The contractor described the eavesdropper, and Mr. Damon
exclaimed:

"Bless my turkey wish-bone! I'm sure I passed that chap
when I was riding over to see you a while ago, Tom."

"You did?"

"Yes, on the highway. He inquired the way to your place.
But there was nothing strange in that, since you employ a
number of men, and I thought this one was coming to look for
work. I can't say I liked his appearance, though."

"No, he isn't a very prepossessing individual," commented
Mr. Titus. "Well, now what's the first thing to be done, Tom
Swift?"

"Get me some samples of the rock, so I can begin my
experiments."

"I'll do that. And now let us consider about going to
Peru. For I'm sure you will be successful in your
experiments, and will find for us just the powder or
explosive we need."

"We can go together." said Mr. Damon. "I shall certainly
feel more at home in that wild country if I know Tom Swift
is with me, and I will appreciate the help of you and your
friends, Mr. Titus, in straightening out the tangles of our
drug business."

"I'll do all I can for you, Mr. Damon."

The three then talked at some length regarding possible
plans. Tom sent out word to one of his men to keep a sharp
watch around the house and grounds, against the possible
return of Waddington, but nothing more was seen of him, at
least for the time being.

Mr. Titus drew up a sort of tentative agreement with Tom,
binding his firm to pay a large sum in case the young
inventor was successful, and then the contractor left,
promising to have the rock samples come on later by express.

Mr. Damon, after blessing a few dozen more or less
impersonal objects, took his departure, his fractious horse
having quieted down in the meanwhile, and Tom was left to
himself.

"I wonder what I've let myself in for now," the youth
mused, as he went back to his laboratory. "It's a new field
for me--tunnel blasting. Well, perhaps something may come of
it."

But of the strange adventure that was to follow his
agreement to help Mr. Titus, our hero, Tom Swift, had not
the least inkling.

Tom went back to his labors over the gyroscope problem,
but he could arrive at no satisfactory conclusion, and,
tossing aside the papers, covered with intricate figures, he
exclaimed:

"Oh, I'm going for a walk! This thing is getting on my
nerves."

He strolled through the Shopton streets, and as he reached
the outskirts of the town, he saw just ahead of him the
figure of a girl. Tom quickened his pace, and presently was
beside her.

"Where are you going, Mary?" he asked.

"Oh, Tom! How you startled me!" she exclaimed, turning
around. "I was just thinking of you."

"Thanks! Something nice?"

"I shan't tell you!" and she blushed. "But where are you
going?"

"Walking with you!"

Tom was nothing if not bold.

"Hadn't you better wait until you're asked?" she retorted,
mischievously.

"If I did I might not get an invitation. So I'm going to
invite myself, and then I'm going to invite you in here to
have an ice cream soda," and he and Miss Nestor were soon
seated at a table in a candy shop.

Tom had nearly finished his ice cream when he glanced
toward the door, and started at the sight of a man who was
entering the place.

"What's the matter?" asked Mary. "Did you drop some ice
cream, Tom?"

"No, Mary. But that man--"

Mary turned in time to see an excited man hurry out of the
candy shop after a hasty glance at Tom Swift.

"Who was he?" the girl asked.

"I--er--oh, some one I thought I knew, but I guess I
don't," said Tom, quickly. "Have some more cream, Mary?"

"No, thank you. Not now."

Tom was glad she did not care for any, as he was anxious
to get outside, and have a look at the man, for he thought
he had recognized the face as the same that had peered in
his window. But when he and Miss Nestor reached the front of
the shop the strange man was not in sight.

"I guess he came in to cool off after his run," mused Tom,
"but when he saw me he didn't care about it. I wonder if
that was Waddington? He's a persistent individual if it was
he."

"Are you undertaking any new adventures, Tom?" asked Mary.

"Well, I'm thinking of going to Peru."

"Peru!" she cried. "Oh, what a long way to go! And when
you get there will you write to me? I'm collecting stamps,
and I haven't any from Peru."

"Is that--er--the only reason you want me to write?" asked
Tom.

"No," said Mary softly, as she ran up the walk.

Tom smiled as he turned away.

Three days later he received a box from New York. It
contained the samples from the Andes tunnel, and Tom at once
began his experiments to discover a suitable explosive for
rending the hard stone.

"It is compressed molten lava," said Mr. Swift. "You'll
never get an explosive that will successfully blast that,
Tom."

"We'll see," declared the young inventor.




Chapter V

Mary's Present



Outside a rudely-constructed shack, in the middle of a
large field, about a mile away from the nearest of the
buildings owned by Tom Swift and his father, were gathered a
group of figures one morning. From the shack, trailing over
the ground, were two insulated wires, which led to a pile of
rocks and earth some distance off. Out of the temporary
building came Koku, the giant, bearing in his arms a big
rock, of peculiar formation.

"That's it, Koku!" exclaimed Tom Swift. "Now don't drop it
on your toes."

"No, Master, me no drop," the giant said, as he strode off
with the heavy load as easily as a boy might carry a stone
for his sling-shot.

Koku placed the big rock on top of the pile of dirt and
stones and came back to the hut, just as Eradicate, the
colored man-of-all-work, emerged. Koku was not looking
ahead, and ran into Eradicate with such force that the
latter would have fallen had not the giant clasped his big
arms about him.

"Heah now!  Whut yo' all doin' t' me?" angrily demanded
Eradicate. "Yo' done gone an' knocked de breff outen me,
dat's whut yo' all done! I'll bash yo' wif a rock, dat's
what I'll do!"

Koku, laughing, tried to explain that it was all an
accident, but Eradicate would not listen. He looked about
for a stone to throw at the giant, though it was doubtful,
with his feeble strength, and considering the great frame of
the big man, if any damage would have been done. But
Eradicate saw no rocks nearer than the pile in which ended
the two insulated wires, and, with mutterings, the negro set
off in that direction, shuffling along on his rheumatic
legs.

From the shack Tom Swift hailed:

"Hi there, Rad! Come back! Where are you going?"

"I'se gwine t' git a rock, Massa Tom, an' bash de haid ob
dat big lummox ob a giant! He done knocked de breff outen
me, so he did."

"You come back from that stone pile!" Tom ordered. "I'm
going to blow it up in a minute, and if you get too near
you'll have the breath knocked out of you worse than Koku
did it. Come back, I say!"

But Eradicate was obstinate and kept on. Tom, who was
adjusting a firing battery in the shack, laughed, and then
in exasperation cried:

"Koku, go and get him and bring him back. Carry him if he
won't come any other way. I don't want the dear old chump to
get the fright of his life, and he sure will if he goes too
close. Bring him back!"

"Koku bring, Master," was the giant's answer.

He ran toward Eradicate, who, seeing his tormentor
approaching, redoubled his shuffling pace toward the stone
pile. But he was no match for the giant, who, ignoring his
struggles, picked up Eradicate, and, flinging him over his
shoulder like a sack of meal, brought him to the shack.

"There him be, Master!" said the giant.

"So I see," laughed Torn. "Now you stay here, Rad."

"No, sah!  No, sah, Massa Tom! I--I'se gwine t' git a rock
an'--an' bash his haid--dat's what I'se gwine t' do!" and
the colored man tried to struggle to his feet.

"Look out now!" cried Tom, suddenly. "If things go right
there won't be a rock left for you to 'bash' anybody's head
with, Rad. Look out!"

The three cowered inside the shack, which, though it was
rudely made, was built of beavy logs and planks, with a
fronting of sod and bags of sand.

Tom turned a switch. There was a loud report, and where
the stone pile had been there was a big hole in the ground,
while the air was filled with fragments of rock and dirt.
These came down in a shower on the roof of the shack, and
Eradicate covered his ears with his trembling hands.

"Am--am de world comin' to de end, Massa Tom?" he asked.
"Am dat Gabriel's trump I done heah?"

"No, you dear old goose!" laughed the young inventor.
"That was just a charge of my new explosive--a small charge,
too. But it seems to have done the work."

He ran from the shack to the place where the rock pile had
been, and picked up several small fragments.

"Busted all to pieces!" exulted Tom Swift. "Not a piece
left as big as a hickory nut. That's going some! I've got
the right mixture at last. If an ounce did that, a few
hundred pounds ought to knock that Andes tunnel through the
mountain in no time. I'll telegraph to Mr. Titus."

Leaving Koku and Rad to collect the wires and firing
apparatus, there being no danger now, as no explosive was
left in the shack, Tom made his way back to the house. His
father met him.

"Well, Tom," he asked, "another failure?"

"No, Dad! Success! This time I turned the trick. I seem to
have gotten just the right mixture. Look, these are some of
the pieces left from the big rock--one of the samples Mr.
Titus sent me. It was all cracked up as small as this," and
he held out the fragments he had picked up in the field.

Mr. Swift regarded them for a few moments.

"That's better, Tom," he said. "I didn't think you could
get an explosive that would successfully shatter that hard
rock, but you seem to have done it. Have you the formula all
worked out?"

"All worked out, Dad. I only made a small quantity, but
the same proportions will hold good for the larger amounts.
I'm going to start in and make it now. And then--Ho! for
Peru!"

Tom struck an attitude, such as some old discoverer might
have assumed, and then he hurried into the house to
telephone a telegram to the Shop' ton office. The message
was to Mr. Titus, and read:


"Explosive success. Start making it at once. Ready for
Peru in month's time."


"Thirteen words," repeated Tom, as the operator called
them back to him. "I hope that doesn't mean bad luck."

The experiment which Tom Swift had just brought to a
successful conclusion was one of many he had conducted,
extending over several wearying weeks.

As soon as Tom had received the samples of the rock he had
begun to experiment. First he tried some of the explosive
that was so successful in the giant cannon, As he had
feared, it was not what was needed. It cracked the rock,
but did not disintegrate it, and that was what was needed.
The hard rock must be broken up into fragments that could be
easily handled. Merely to crack it necessitated further
explosions, which would only serve to split it more and
perhaps wedge it fast in the tunnel.

So Tom tried different mixtures, using various chemicals,
but none seemed to be just right. The trials were not
without danger, either. Once, in mixing some ingredients,
there was an explosion that injured one man, and blew Tom
some distance away. Fortunately for him, there was an open
window in the direction in which he was propelled, and he
went through that, escaping with only some cuts and bruises.

Another time there was a hang-fire, and the explosive
burned instead of detonating, so that one of the shops
caught, and there was no little work in subduing the flames.

But Tom would not give up, and finally, after many trials,
he hit on what he felt to be the right mixture. This he took
out to the big lot, and having made a miniature tunnel with
some of the sample rock, and having put some of the
explosive in a hole bored in the big chunk Koku carried, Tom
fired the charge. The result we have seen, It was a success.

A day after receiving Tom's message Mr. Titus came on and
a demonstration was given of the powerful explosive.

"Tom, that's great!" cried the tunnel contractor. "Our
troubles are at an end now."

But, had he known it, new ones were only just beginning.

Tom at once began preparations for making the explosive on
a large scale, as much of it would be needed in the Andes
tunnel. Then, having turned the manufacturing end of it over
to his men, Tom began his preparations for going to Peru.

Mr. Damon was also getting ready, and it was arranged that
he, with Tom and Mr. Titus, should take a vessel from San
Francisco, crossing the continent by train. The supply of
explosive would follow them by special freight.

"We might have gone by Panama except for the slide in the
canal," Tom said. "And I suppose I could take you across the
continent in my airship, Mr. Titus, if you object to
railroad travel."

"No, thank you, Tom. If it's just the same to you, I'd
rather stay on the ground," the contractor said. "I'm more
used to it."

A day or so before the start for San Francisco was to be
made, Tom, passing a store in Shopton, saw something in the
window he thought Mary Nestor would like. It was a mahogany
work-box, of unique design, beautifully decorated, and Tom
purchased it.

"Shall I have it sent?" asked the clerk.

"No, thank you," Tom answered.

He knew the young lady who had waited on him, and, for
reasons of his own, he did not want her to know that Mary
was to get the box.

Carrying the present to his laboratory, Tom prepared to
wrap it up suitably to send to Mary, with a note. Just,
however, as he was looking for a box suitable to contain the
gift, he received a summons to the telephone. Mr. Titus, in
New York, wanted to speak to him.

"Here, Rad!" Tom called. "Just box this up for me, like a
good fellow, and then take it to Miss Nestor at this
address; will you?" and Tom handed his man the addressed
letter he had written to Mary. "Be careful of it," Tom
cautioned.

"Oh, I'll be careful, Massa Tom," was the reply. "I'll
shore be careful."

And Eradicate was--all too careful.




Chapter VI

Mr. Nestor's Letter



"Got t' git a good strong box fo' dish yeah," murmured
Eradicate, as he looked at the beautiful mahogany present
Tom had turned over to him to take to Mary. "Mah Landy! Dat
suttinly am nice; Ah! Um! Jest laik some ob de old mahogany
furniture dat was in our fambily down Souf." Eradicate did
not mean his family, exactly, but the one in which he had
been a slave.

"Yassum, dat shore am nice!" he went on, talking to
himself as he admired the present. "I shore got t' put dat
in a good box! An' dish year note, too. Let's see what it
done say on de outside."

Eradicate held the envelope carefully upside down, and
read--or rather pretended to read--the name and address.
Eradicate knew well enough where Mary lived, for this was
not the first time he had gone there with messages from his
young master.

"Massa Tom shore am a fine writer," mused the negro, as he
slowly turned the envelope around. "I cain't read nobody's
writin' but hisen, nohow."

Had Eradicate been strictly honest with himself, he would
have confessed that he could not read any writing, or
printing either. His education had been very limited, but
one could show him, say, a printed sign and tell him it read
"Danger" or "Five miles to Branchville," or anything like
that, and the next time he saw it, Eradicate would know what
that sign said. He seemed to fix a picture of it in his
mind, though the letters and figures by themselves meant
nothing to him. So when Tom told him the envelope contained
the name and address of Miss Nestor, Eradicate needed
nothing more.

He rummaged about in some odds and ends in the corner of
the laboratory, and brought out a strong, wooden box, which
had a cover that screwed down.

"Dat'll be de ticket!" Eradicate exclaimed. De mahogany
present will jest fit." Eradicate took some excelsior to pad
the box, and then, dropping inside it the gift, already
wrapped in tissue paper, he proceeded to screw on the cover.

There was something printed in red letters on the outside
box, but Eradicate could not read, so it did not trouble
him.

"Dat Miss Nestor shore will laik her present," he
murmured. "An' I'll be mighty keerful ob it' laik Massa Tom
tole me. He wouldn't trust dat big lummox Koku wif anyt'ing
laik dis."

Screwing on the cover, and putting a piece of wrapping
paper outside the rough, wooden box. with the letter in his
hand, Eradicate, full of his own importance, set off for
Miss Nestor's house. Tom had not returned from the
telephone, over which he was talking to Mr. Titus.

The message was an important one. The contractor said he
had received word from his brother in Peru that his presence
was urgently needed there.

"Could you arrange to get off sooner than we planned,
Tom?" asked Mr. Titus. "I am afraid something has happened
down there. Have you sent the first shipment of explosive?"

"Yes, that went three days ago. It ought to arrive at Lima
soon after we do. Why yes, I can start to-night if we have
to. I'll find out if Mr. Damon can be with us on such short
notice."

"I wish you would," came from Mr. Titus. "And say, Tom, do
you think you could take that giant Koku with you?"

"Why?"

"Well, I think he'd come in handy. There are some pretty
rough characters in those Andes Mountains, and your big
friend might be useful."

"All right. I was thinking of it, anyhow. Glad you
mentioned it. Now I'll call up Mr. Damon, and I'll let you
know, in an hour or so, if he can make it."

"Bless my hair brush, yes, Tom!" exclaimed the eccentric
man, when told of the change in plans. "I can leave
to-night as well as not."

Word to this effect was sent on to Mr. Titus, and then
began some hurrying on the part of Tom Swift. He told Koku
to get ready to leave for New York at once, where he and the
giant would join Mr. Titus and Mr. Damon, and start across
the continent to take for steamer for Lima, Peru.

"Rad, did you send that present to Miss Nestor?" asked
Tom, later, as he finished packing his grip.

"Yas, sah. I done did it. Took it mase'f!"

"That's good! I guess I'll have to say good-bye to Mary
over the telephone. I won't have time to call. I'm glad I
thought of the present."

Tom got the Nestor house on the wire. But Mary was not in.

"There's a package here for her," said the girl's
mother. "Did you--?"

"Yes, I sent that," Tom said. "Sorry I won't he able to
call and say good-bye, but I'm in a terrible rush. I'll see
her as soon as I get back, and I'll write as soon as I
arrive."

"Do," urged Mrs. Nestor. "We'll all be glad to hear from
you," for Tom and Mary were tentatively engaged to be
married.

Tom and Koku went on with their hurried preparations to
leave for New York. Eradicate begged to be taken along, but
Tom gently told the faithful old servant that it was out of
the question.

"Besides, Rad," he said, "it's dangerous in those Andes
Mountains. Why, they have birds there, as big as cows, and
they can swoop down and carry off a man your size."

"Am dat shorely so, Massa Tom?"

"Of course it is! You get the dictionary and read about
the condors of the Andes Mountains."

"Dat's what I'll do, Massa Tom. Birds as big as cows what
kin pick up a man in dere beaks, an' carry him off! Oh, my!
No, sah, Massa Tom! I don't want t' go. I'll stay right
yeah!"

Shortly before Tom and Koku departed for the railroad
station, where they were to take a train for New York, Mary
Nestor returned home.

"Tom called you on the telephone to say good-bye," her
mother informed her, "and said he was sorry he could not see
you. But he sent some sort of gift."

"Oh, how sweet of him!" Mary exclaimed. "Where is it?"

"On the dining room table. Eradicate brought it with a
note."

Mary read the note first.

In it Tom begged Mary to accept the little token, and to
think of him when she used it.

"Oh! I wonder what it can be," she cried in delight.

"Better open it and see," advised Mr. Nestor, who had come
in at that moment.

Mary cut the string of the outside paper, and folded back
the wrapper. A wooden box was exposed to view, a solid,
oblong, wooden box, and on the top, in bold, red letters
Mary, her father and her mother read:

DYNAMITE! HANDLE WITH CARE!


"Oh! Oh!" murmured Mrs. Nestor.

"Dynamite! Handle with care!" repeated Mr. Nestor, in a
sort of dazed voice. "Quick! Get a pail of water! Dump it in
the bathtub!  Soak it good, and then telephone for the
police. Dynamite! What does this mean?"

He rushed toward the kitchen, evidently with the intention
of getting a pail of water, but Mary clasped him by the arm.

"Father!" she exclaimed. "Don't get so excited!"

"Excited!" he cried. "Who's excited? Dynamite! We'll all
be blown up! This is some plot! I don't believe Tom sent
this at all! Look out! Call the police! Excited! Who's
getting excited?"

"You are, Daddy dear!" said Mary calmly. "This is some
mistake. Tom did send this--I know his writing. And wasn't
it Eradicate who brought this package, Mother?"

"Yes, my dear. But your father is right. Let him put it in
water, then it will be safe. Oh, we'll all be blown up. Get
the water!"

"No!" cried Mary. "There is some mistake. Tom wouldn't
send me dynamite, There must be a present for me in there.
Tom must have put it in the wrong box by mistake. I'm going
to open it."

Mary's calmness had its effect on her parents. Mr. Nestor
cooled down, as did his wife, and a closer examination of
the outer box did not seem to show that it was an infernal
machine of any kind.

"It's all a mistake, Daddy," Mary said. "I'll show you.
Get me a screw driver."

After some delay one was found, and Mr. Nestor himself
opened the box. When the tissue paper wrappings of the
mahogany gift were revealed he gave a sigh of relief, and
when Mary undid the wrappings, and saw what Tom had sent
her, she cried:

"Oh, how perfectly dear! Just what I wanted! I wonder how
he knew? Oh, I just love it!" and she hugged the beautiful
box in her arms.

"Humph!" exclaimed Mr. Nestor, a slowly gathering light of
anger showing in his eyes. "It is a nice present, but that
is a very poor sort of joke to play, in my estimation."

"Joke! What joke?" asked Mary.

"Putting a present in a box labeled Dynamite, and giving
us such a scare," went on her father.

"Oh, Father, I'm sure he didn't mean to do it!" Mary said,
earnestly.

"Well, maybe he didn't! He may have thought it a joke, and
he may not have! But, at any rate, it was a piece of gross
carelessness on his part, and I don't care to consider for a
son-in-law a young man as careless as that!"

"Oh, Daddy!" expostulated Mary.

"Now, now! Tut, tut!" exclaimed Mr. Nestor. "It isn't your
fault, Mary, but this Tom Swift must be taught a lesson. He
was careless, if nothing worse, and, for all he knew, there
might have been some stray bits of dynamite in that packing
box. It won't do! It won't do! I'll write him a letter, and
give him a piece of my mind!"

And in spite of all his wife and his daughter could say,
Mr. Nestor did write Tom a scathing letter. He accused him
of either perpetrating a joke, or of being careless, or
both, and he intimated that the less he saw of Tom at the
Nestor home hereafter the better pleased he would be.

"There! I guess that will make him wish he hadn't done
it!" exclaimed Mr. Nestor, as he called a messenger and sent
the letter to Tom's house.

Mary and her mother did not know the con tents of the
note, but Mary tried to get Tom on the wire and explain.
However, she was unable to reach him, as Tom was on the
point of leaving.

The messenger, with Mr. Nestor's letter, arrived just as
our hero was receiving the late afternoon mail from the
postman, and just as Tom and Koku were getting in an
automobile to leave for the depot.

"Good-bye, Dad!" Tom called. "Good-bye, Mrs. Baggert!" He
thrust Mr. Nestor's letter, unopened, together with some
other mail matter, which he took to be merely circulars,
into an inner pocket, and jumped into the car.

Tom and Koku were off on the first stage of their journey.




Chapter VII

Off for Peru



"Well, Tom Swift, you're on time I see," was Mr. Job
Titus' greeting, when our hero, and Koku, the giant,
alighted from a taxicab in New York, in front of the hotel
the contractor had appointed as a meeting place.

"Yes, I'm here."

"Did you have a good trip?"

"Oh, all right, yes. Nothing happened to speak of, though
we were delayed by a freight wreck. Has Mr. Damon got here
yet?"

"Not yet, Tom. But I had a message saying he was on his
way. "Come on up to the rooms I have engaged. Hello, what's
all the crowd here for?" asked the contractor in some
surprise, for a throng had gathered at the hotel entrance.

"I expect it's Koku they're staring at," announced Tom,
and the giant it was who had attracted the attention. He
was carrying his own big valise, and a small steamer trunk
belonging to Tom, as easily as though they weighed nothing,
the trunk being under one arm.

"I guess they don't see men of his size outside of
circuses," commented the contractor. "We can pretty nearly,
though not quite match him, down in Peru though, Tom. Some
of the Indians are big fellows."

"We'll get up a wrestling match between one of them and
Koku," suggested Tom. "Come on!" he called to the giant, who
was surrounded by a crowd.

Koku pushed his way through as easily as a bull might make
his way through a throng of puppies about his heels, and as
Tom, Mr. Titus and the giant were entering the hotel
corridor, the chauffeur of the taxicab called out with a
laugh:

"I say, boss, don't you think you ought to pay double
rates on that chap," and he nodded in the direction of the
giant.

"That's right!" added some one in the crowd with a laugh.
"He might have broken the springs."

"All right," assented Tom, good-naturedly, tossing the
chauffeur a coin. "Here you are, have a cigar on the giant."

There was more laughter, and even Koku grinned, though it
is doubtful if he knew what about, for he could not
understand much unless Tom spoke to him in a sort of code
they had arranged between them.

"Sorry to have hastened your departure," began Mr. Titus
when he and Tom sat in the comfortable hotel rooms, while
Koku stood at a window, looking out at what to him were the
marvelous wonders of the New York streets.

"It didn't make any difference," replied the young
inventor. "I was about ready to come anyhow. I just had to
hustle a little," and he thought of how he had had to send
Mary's present to her instead of taking it himself. As yet
he was all unaware of the commotion it had caused.

"Did you get the powder shipment off all right?"

"Yes, and it will be there almost as soon as we. Other
shipments will follow as we need them. My father will see to
that."

"I'm glad you hit on the right kind of powder," went on
the contractor. "I guess I didn't make any mistake in coming
to you, Tom."

"Well, I hope not. Of course the explosive worked all
right in experimental charges with samples of the tunnel
rock. It remains to be seen what it will do under actual
conditions, and in big service charges."

"Oh, I've no doubt it will work all right."

"What time do we leave here?" Tom asked.

"At two-thirty this afternoon. We have just time to get a
good dinner and have our baggage transferred to the Chicago
limited. In less than a week we ought to be in San Francisco
and aboard the steamer. I hope Mr. Damon arrives on time."

"Oh, you can generally depend on him," said
Tom. "I telephoned him, just before I started
from Shopton, and he said--"

"Bless my carpet slippers!" cried a voice outside the
hotel apartment. "But I can find my way all right. I know
the number of the room. No! you needn't take my bag. I can
carry it my self!"

"There he is!" laughed Tom, opening the door to disclose
the eccentric gentleman himself, struggling to keep
possession of his valise against the importunities of a
bellboy.

"Ah, Tom--Mr. Titus! Glad to see you!" exclaimed Mr.
Damon. "I--I am a little late, I fear--had an accident--wait
until I get my breath," and he sank, panting, into a chair.

"Accident?" cried Tom. "Are you--?"

"Yes--my taxicab ran into another. Nobody hurt though."

"But you're all out of breath," said Mr. Titus. "Did you
run?"

"No, but I walked upstairs."

"What! Seven flights?" exclaimed Tom. "Weren't the hotel
elevators running?"

Yes, but I don't like them. I'd rather walk. And I did--
carried my valise--bellboy tried to take it away from me
every step--here you are, son--it wasn't the tip I was
trying to get out of," and he tossed the waiting and
grinning lad a quarter.

"There, I'm better now," went on Mr. Damon, when Tom had
given him a glass of water. "Bless my paper weight! The drug
concern will have to vote me an extra dividend for what I've
gone through. "Well, I'm here, anyhow. How is everything?"

"Fine!" cried Tom. "We'll soon be off for Peru!"

They talked over plans and made sure nothing had been
forgotten. Their railroad tickets had been secured by Mr.
Titus so there was nothing more to do save wait for train-
time.

"I've never been to Peru," Tom remarked shortly before
lunch. "What sort of country is it?"

"Quite a wonderful country," Mr. Titus answered. "I have
been very much interested in it since my brother and I
accepted this tunnel contract. Peru seems to have taken its
name from Peru, a small river on the west coast of Colombia,
where Pizarro landed. The country, geographically, may be
divided into three sections longitudinally. The coast
region is a sandy desert, with here and there rivers flowing
through fertile valleys. The sierra region is the Andes
division, about two hundred and fifty miles in width."

"Is that where we're going?" asked Tom.

"Yes. And beyond the Andes (which in Peru consist of great
chains of mountains, some very high, interspersed with table
lands, rich plains and valleys) there is the montana region
of tropical forests, running down to the valley of the
Amazon.

"That sounds interesting," commented Mr. Damon.

"It is interesting," declared Mr. Titus. "For it is from
this tropical region that your quinine comes, Mr. Damon,
though you may not have to go there to straighten out your
affairs. I think you can do better bargaining with the
officials in Lima, or near there."

"Are there any wild animals in Peru?" Tom inquired.

"Well, not many. Of course there are the llamas and
alpacas, which are the beasts of burden--almost like little
camels you might say, though much more gentle. Then there is
the wild vicuna, the fleece of which is made into a sort of
wool, after which a certain kind of cloth is named.

"Then there is the taruco, a kind of deer, the viscacha,
which is a big rat, the otoc, a sort of wild dog, or fox,
and the ucumari, a black bear with a white nose. This bear
is often found on lofty mountain tops, but only when driven
there in search of food.

"The condors, of course, are big birds of prey in the
Andes. You must have read about them; how they seem to lie
in the upper regions of the air, motionless, until suddenly
they catch sight of some dead animal far down below when
they sweep toward it with the swiftness of the wink. There
is another bird of the vulture variety, with wings of black
and white feathers. The ancient Incas used to decorate their
head dresses with these wing feathers."

"Well, I'm glad I'm going to Peru," said Tom. "I never
knew it was such an interesting country. But I don't suppose
we'll have time to see much of it."

"Oh, I think you will," commented Mr. Titus. "We don't
always have to work on the tunnel. There are numerous
holidays, or holy-days, which our Indian workers take off,
and we can do nothing without them. I'll see that you have a
chance to do some exploring if you wish."

"Good!" exclaimed Tom. "I brought my electric rifle with
me, and I may get a chance to pop over one of those bears
with a white nose. Are they good to eat?"

"The Indians eat them, I believe, when they can get them,
but I wouldn't fancy the meat," said the contractor.

Luncheon over, the three travelers departed with their
baggage for the Chicago Limited, which left from the
Pennsylvania Station at Twenty-third Street. As usual, Koku
attracted much attention because of his size.

The trip to San Francisco was without incident worth
narrating and in due time our friends reached the Golden
Gate where they were to go aboard their steamer. They had to
wait a day, during which time Tom and Mr. Titus made
inquiries regarding the first powder shipment. They had had
unexpected good luck, for the explosive, having been sent on
ahead by fast freight, was awaiting them.

"So we can take it with us on the Bellaconda," said, Tom,
naming the vessel on which they were to sail.

The powder was safely stowed away, and our friends having
brought their baggage aboard, putting what was wanted on the
voyage in their staterooms, went out on deck to watch the
lines being cast off.

A bell clanged and an officer cried:

"All ashore that's going ashore!"

There were hasty good-byes, a scramble on the part of
those who had come to bid friends farewell, and preparations
were made to haul in the gangplank.

Just as the tugs were slowly pushing against the
Bellaconda to get her in motion to move her away from the
wharf, there was a shout down the pier and a taxicab, driven
at reckless speed, dashed up.

"Wait a minute! Hold that gangway. I have a passenger for
you!" cried the chauffeur.

He pulled up with a screeching of brakes, and a man with a
heavy black beard fairly leaped from the vehicle, running
toward the plank which was all but cast off.






The First Book of Adam and Eve

Prologue

The First Book of Adam and Eve  details the life and times
of Adam and Eve after they were expelled from the garden to
the time that Cain kills his brother Abel.  It tells of
Adam and Eve's first dwelling - the Cave of Treasures;
their trials and temptations; Satan's many apparitions to
them; the birth of Cain, Abel, and their twin sisters; and
Cain's love for his beautiful twin sister, Luluwa, whom
Adam and Eve wished to join to Abel.

This book is considered by many scholars to be part of the
"Pseudepigrapha" (soo-duh-pig-ruh-fuh).  The
"Pseudepigrapha" is a collection of historical biblical
works that are considered to be  fiction.  Because of that
stigma, this book was not included in the compilation of
the Holy Bible.  This book is a written history of what
happened in the days of Adam and Eve after they were cast
out of the garden. Although considered to be
pseudepigraphic by some, it carries significant meaning and
insight into events of that time.  It is doubtful that
these writings could have survived all the many centuries
if there were no substance to them. 

This book is simply a version of an account handed down by
word of mouth, from generation to generation, linking the
time that the first human life was created to the time when
somebody finally decided to write it down.  This particular
version is the work of unknown Egyptians.  The lack of
historical allusion makes it difficult to precisely date
the writing, however, using other pseudepigraphical works
as a reference, it was probably written a few hundred years
before the birth of Christ.  Parts of this version are
found in the Jewish Talmud, and the Islamic Koran, showing
what a vital role it played in the original literature of
human wisdom.  The Egyptian author wrote in Arabic, but
later translations were found written in Ethiopic.  The
present English translation was translated in the late
1800's by Dr. S. C. Malan and Dr. E. Trumpp.  They
translated into King James English from both the Arabic
version and the Ethiopic version which was then published
in The Forgotten Books of Eden in 1927 by The World
Publishing Company.  In 1995, the text was extracted from a
copy of  The Forgotten Books of Eden and converted to
electronic form by Dennis Hawkins.  It was then translated
into more modern English by simply exchanging 'Thou' s for
'You's, 'Art's for 'Are's, and so forth.  The text was then
carefully re-read to ensure its integrity.




Chapter I - The crystal sea, God commands Adam, expelled
from Eden, to live in the Cave of Treasures.


1 On the third day, God planted the garden in the east
of the earth, on the border of the world eastward, beyond
which, towards the sun-rising, one finds nothing but water,
that encompasses the whole world, and reaches to the
borders of heaven.

2 And to the north of the garden there is a sea of
water, clear and pure to the taste, unlike anything else;
so that, through the clearness thereof, one may look into
the depths of the earth.

3 And when a man washes himself in it, he becomes
clean of the cleanness thereof, and white of its whiteness
-- even if he were dark.

4 And God created that sea of his own good pleasure,
for He knew what would come of the man He would make; so
that after he had left the garden, on account of his
transgression, men should be born in the earth.  Among them
are righteous ones who will die, whose souls God would
raise at the last day; when all of them will return to
their flesh, bathe in the water of that sea, and repent of
their sins.

5 But when God made Adam go out of the garden, He did
not place him on the border of it northward.  This was so
that he and Eve would not be able to go near to the sea of
water where they could wash themselves in it, be cleansed
from their sins, erase the transgression they had
committed, and be no longer reminded of it in the thought
of their punishment.

6 As to the southern side of the garden, God did not
want Adam to live there either; because, when the wind blew
from the north, it would bring him, on that southern side,
the delicious smell of the trees of the garden.

7 Wherefore God did not put Adam there.  This was so
that he would not be able to smell the sweet smell of those
trees, forget his transgression, and find consolation for
what he had done by taking delight in the smell of the
trees and yet not be cleansed from his transgression.

8 Again, also, because God is merciful and of great
pity, and governs all things in a way that He alone knows --
He made our father Adam live in the western border of the
garden, because on that side the earth is very broad.

9 And God commanded him to live there in a cave in a rock --
the Cave of Treasures below the garden.



Chapter II - Adam and Eve faint when they leave the Garden. 
God sends His Word to encourage them.


1 But when our father Adam, and Eve, went out of the
garden, they walked the ground on their feet, not knowing
they were walking.

2 And when they came to the opening of the gate of the
garden, and saw the broad earth spread before them, covered
with stones large and small, and with sand, they feared and
trembled, and fell on their faces, from the fear that came
over them; and they were as dead.

3 Because -- whereas until this time they had been in
the garden land, beautifully planted with all manner of
trees -- they now saw themselves, in a strange land, which
they knew not, and had never seen.

4 And because, when they were in the garden they were
filled with the grace of a bright nature, and they had not
hearts turned toward earthly things.

5 Therefore God had pity on them; and when He saw them fallen
before the gate of the garden, He sent His Word to our father,
Adam and Eve, and raised them from their fallen state.



Chapter III - Concerning the promise of the great five and
a half days.


1 God said to Adam, "I have ordained on this earth
days and years, and you and your descendants shall live and
walk in them, until the days and years are fulfilled; when
I shall send the Word that created you, and against which
you have transgressed, the Word that made you come out of
the garden, and that raised you when you were fallen.

2 Yes, the Word that will again save you when the five
and a half days are fulfilled."

3 But when Adam heard these words from God, and of the
great five and a half days, he did not understand the
meaning of them.

4 For Adam was thinking there would be only five and a
half days for him until the end of the world.

5 And Adam cried, and prayed to God to explain it to him.

6 Then God in his mercy for Adam who was made after
His own image and likeness, explained to him, that these
were 5,000 and 500 years; and how One would then come and
save him and his descendants.

7 But before that, God had made this covenant with our
father, Adam, in the same terms, before he came out of the
garden, when he was by the tree where Eve took of the fruit
and gave it to him to eat.

8 Because, when our father Adam came out of the garden,
he passed by that tree, and saw how God had changed the appearance
of it into another form, and how it shriveled.

9 And as Adam went to it he feared, trembled and fell
down; but God in His mercy lifted him up, and then made
this covenant with him.

10 And again, when Adam was by the gate of the garden,
and saw the cherub with a sword of flashing fire in his
hand, and the cherub grew angry and frowned at him, both
Adam and Eve became afraid of him, and thought he meant to
put them to death.  So they fell on their faces, trembled
with fear.

11 But he had pity on them, and showed them mercy; and
turning from them went up to heaven, and prayed to the
Lord, and said; --

12 "Lord, You sent me to watch at the gate of the
garden, with a sword of fire.

13 But when Your servants, Adam and Eve, saw me, they
fell on their faces, and were as dead.  O my Lord, what
shall we do to Your servants?"

14 Then God had pity on them, and showed them mercy,
and sent His Angel to keep the garden.

15 And the Word of the Lord came to Adam and Eve, and
raised them up.

16 And the Lord said to Adam, "I told you that at the
end of the five and a half days, I will send my Word and
save you.

17 Strengthen your heart, therefore, and stay in the
Cave of Treasures, of which I have before spoken to you."

18 And when Adam heard this Word from God, he was
comforted with that which God had told him.  For He had
told him how He would save him.



Chapter IV - Adam mourns over the changed conditions.
Adam and Eve enter the Cave of Treasures.


1 But Adam and Eve cried for having come out of the
garden, their first home.

2 And indeed, when Adam looked at his flesh, that was
altered, he cried bitterly, he and Eve, over what they had
done.  And they walked and went gently down into the Cave
of Treasures.

3 And as they came to it, Adam cried over himself and
said to Eve, "Look at this cave  that is to  be our prison
in this world, and a place of punishment!

4 What is it compared with the garden?  What is its
narrowness compared with the space of the other?

5 What is this rock, by the side of those groves? 
What is the gloom of this cavern, compared with the light
of the garden?

6 What is this overhanging ledge of rock to shelter us,
compared with the mercy of the Lord that overshadowed us?

7 What is the soil of this cave compared with the
garden land?  This earth, strewed with stones; and that,
planted with delicious fruit trees?"

8 And Adam said to Eve, "Look at your eyes, and at mine,
which before beheld angels praising in heaven;
and they too, without ceasing.

9 But now we do not see as we did; our eyes have become of flesh;
they cannot see like they used to see before."

10 Adam said again to Eve, "What is our body today, compared
to what it was in former days, when we lived in the garden?"

11 After this, Adam did not want to enter the cave,
under the overhanging rock; nor would he ever want to enter it.

12 But he bowed to God's orders; and said to himself,
"Unless I enter the cave, I shall again be a transgressor."



Chapter V - Eve makes a noble and emotional intercession,
taking the blame on herself.


1 Then Adam and Eve entered the cave, and stood praying,
in their own tongue, unknown to us, but which they knew well.

2 And as they prayed, Adam raised his eyes and saw the
rock and the roof of the cave that covered him overhead. 
This prevented him from seeing either heaven or God's creatures.
So he cried and beat his chest hard, until he dropped, and was as dead.

3 And Eve sat crying; for she believed he was dead.

4 Then she got up, spread her hands toward God,
appealing to Him for mercy and pity, and said, "O God,
forgive me my sin, the sin which I committed, and don't
remember it against me.

5 For I alone caused Your servant to fall from the
garden into this condemned land; from light into this
darkness; and from the house of joy into this prison.

6 O God, look at this Your servant fallen in this
manner, and bring him back to life, that he may cry and
repent of his transgression which he committed through me.

7 Don't take away his soul right now; but let him live
that he may stand after the measure of his repentance, and
do Your will, as before his death.

8 But if You do not bring him back to life, then, O
God, take away my own soul, that I be like him, and leave
me not in this dungeon, one and alone; for I could not
stand alone in this world, but with him only.

9 For You, O God, caused him to fall asleep, and took
a bone from his side, and restored the flesh  in the place
of it, by Your divine power.

10 And You took me, the bone, and make me a woman,
bright like him, with heart, reason, and speech; and in
flesh, like to his own; and You made me after the likeness
of his looks, by Your mercy and power.

11 O Lord, I and he are one, and You, O God, are our
Creator, You are He who made us both in one day.

12 Therefore, O God, give him life, that he may be
with me in this strange land, while we live in it on
account of our transgression.

13 But if You will not give him life, then take me,
even me, like him; that we both may die the same day."

14 And Eve cried bitterly, and fell on our father
Adam; from her great sorrow.



Chapter VI - God's reprimand to Adam and Eve in which he
points out how and why they sinned.


1 But God looked at them; for they had killed
themselves through great grief.

2 But He decided to raise them and comfort them.

3 He, therefore, sent His Word to them; that they
should stand and be raised immediately.

4 And the Lord said to Adam and Eve, "You transgressed
of your own free will, until you came out of the garden in
which I had placed you.

5 Of your own free will have you transgressed through
your desire for divinity, greatness, and an exalted state,
such as I have; so that I deprived you of the bright nature
in which you then were, and I made you come out of the
garden to this land, rough and full of trouble.

6 If only you had not transgressed My commandment and
had kept My law, and had not eaten of the fruit of the tree
which I told you not to come near!  And there were fruit
trees in the garden better than that one.

7 But the wicked Satan did not keep his faith and had
no good intent towards Me, that although I had created him,
he considered Me to be useless, and sought the Godhead for
himself; for this I hurled him down from heaven so that he
could not remain in his first estate -- it was he who made
the tree appear pleasant in your eyes, until you ate of it,
by believing his words.

8 Thus have you transgressed My commandment, and
therefore I have brought on you all these sorrows.

9 For I am God the Creator, who, when I created My
creatures, did not intend to destroy them.  But after they
had sorely roused My anger, I punished them with grievous
plagues, until they repent.

10 But, if on the contrary, they still continue
hardened in their transgression, they shall be under a
curse forever."



Chapter VII - The beasts are appeased.


1 When Adam and Eve heard these words from God, they
cried and sobbed yet more; but they strengthened their
hearts in God, because they now felt that the Lord was to
them like a father and a mother; and for this very reason,
they cried before Him, and sought mercy from Him.

2 Then God had pity on them, and said: "O Adam, I have
made My covenant with you, and I will not turn from it;
neither will I let you return to the garden, until My
covenant of the great five and a half days is fulfilled."

3 Then Adam said to God, "O Lord, You created us, and
made us fit to be in the garden; and before I transgressed,
You made all beasts come to me, that I should name them.

4 Your grace was then on me; and I named every one according
to Your mind; and you made them all subject to me.

5 But now, O Lord God, that I have transgressed Your
commandment, all beasts will rise against me and will
devour me, and Eve Your handmaid; and will cut off our life
from the face of the earth.

6 I therefore beg you, O God, that since You have made
us come out of the garden, and have made us be in a strange
land, You will not let the beasts hurt us."

7 When the Lord heard these words from Adam, He had
pity on him, and felt that he had truly said that the
beasts of the field would rise and devour him and Eve,
because He, the Lord, was angry with the two of them on
account of their transgressions.

8 Then God commanded the beasts, and the birds, and
all that moves on the earth, to come to Adam and to be
familiar with him, and not to trouble him and Eve; nor yet
any of the good and righteous among their offspring.

9 Then all the beasts paid homage to Adam, according
to the commandment of God; except the serpent, against
which God was angry.  It did not come to Adam, with the beasts.



Chapter VIII - The "Bright Nature" of man is taken away.


1 Then Adam cried and said, "O God, when we lived in
the garden, and our hearts were lifted up, we saw the
angels that sang praises in heaven, but now we can't see
like we used to; no, when we entered the cave, all creation
became hidden from us."

2 Then God the Lord said to Adam, "When you were under
subjection to Me, you had a bright nature within you, and
for that reason could you see things far away.  But after
your transgression your bright nature was withdrawn from
you; and it was not left to you to see things far away, but
only near at hand; after the ability of the flesh; for it
is brutish."

3 When Adam and Eve had heard these words from God,
they went their way; praising and worshipping Him with a
sorrowful heart.

4 And God ceased to commune with them.



Chapter IX - Water from the Tree of Life.  Adam and Eve near drowning.


1 Then Adam and Eve came out of the Cave of Treasures,
and went near to the garden gate, and there they stood to
look at it, and cried for having come away from it.

2 And Adam and Eve went from before the gate of the
garden to the southern side of it, and found there the
water that watered the garden, from the root of the Tree of
Life, and that split itself from there into four rivers
over the earth.

3 Then they came and went near to that water, and
looked at it; and saw that it was the water that came forth
from under the root of the Tree of Life in the garden.

4 And Adam cried and wailed, and beat his chest, for
being severed from the garden; and said to Eve: --

5 "Why have you brought on me, on yourself, and on our
descendants, so many of these plagues and punishments?"

6 And Eve said to him, "What is it you have seen that
has caused you to cry and to speak to me in this manner?"

7 And he said to Eve, "Do you not see this water that
was with us in the garden, that watered the trees of the
garden, and flowed out from there?

8 And we, when we were in the garden, did not care
about it; but since we came to this strange land, we love
it, and turn it to use for our body."

9 But when Eve heard these words from him, she cried;
and from the soreness of their crying, they fell into that
water; and would have put an end to themselves in it, so as
never again to return and behold the creation; for when
they looked at the work of creation, they felt they must
put an end to themselves.



Chapter X - Their bodies need water after they leave the garden.


1 Then God, merciful and gracious, looked at them thus
lying in the water, and close to death, and sent an angel,
who brought them out of the water, and laid them on the
seashore as dead.

2 Then the angel went up to God, was welcome, and
said, "O God, Your creatures have breathed their last."

3 Then God sent His Word to Adam and Eve, who raised
them from their death.

4 And Adam said, after he was raised, "O God, while we
were in the garden we did not require, or care for this
water; but since we came to this land we cannot do without it."

5 Then God said to Adam, "While you were under My
command and were a bright angel, you knew not this water.

6 But now that you have transgressed My commandment,
you can not do without water, wherein to wash your body and
make it grow; for it is now like that of beasts, and is in
want of water."

7 When Adam and Eve heard these words from God, they
cried a bitter cry; and Adam entreated God to let him
return into the garden, and look at it a second time.

8 But God said to Adam, "I have made you a promise;
when that promise is fulfilled, I will bring you back into
the garden, you and your righteous descendants."

9 And God ceased to commune with Adam.



Chapter XI - A recollection of the glorious days in the Garden.


1 Then Adam and Eve felt themselves burning with
thirst, and heat, and sorrow.

2 And Adam said to Eve, "We shall not drink of this
water, even if we were to die.  O Eve, when this water
comes into our inner parts, it will increase our
punishments and that of our descendants."

3 Both Adam and Eve then went away from the water, and
drank none of it at all; but came and entered the Cave of
Treasures.

4 But when in it Adam could not see Eve; he only heard
the noise she made.  Neither could she see Adam, but heard
the noise he made.

5 Then Adam cried, in deep affliction, and beat his
chest; and he got up and said to Eve, "Where are you?"

6 And she said to him, "Look, I am standing in this
darkness."

7 He then said to her, "Remember the bright nature in
which we lived, when we lived in the garden!

8 O Eve!  Remember the glory that rested on us in the
garden.  O Eve!  Remember the trees that overshadowed us in
the garden while we moved among them.

9 O Eve!  Remember that while we were in the garden,
we knew neither night nor day.  Think of the Tree of Life,
from below which flowed the water, and that shed lustre
over us!  Remember, O Eve, the garden land, and the
brightness thereof!

10 Think, oh think of that garden in which was no
darkness, while we lived in it.

11 Whereas no sooner did we come into this Cave of
Treasures than darkness surrounded us all around; until we
can no longer see each other; and all the pleasure of this
life has come to an end."



Chapter XII - How darkness came between Adam and Eve.


1 Then Adam beat his chest, he and Eve, and they
mourned the whole night until the crack of dawn, and they
sighed over the length of the night in Miyazia.

2 And Adam beat himself, and threw himself on the
ground in the cave, from bitter grief, and because of the
darkness, and lay there as dead.

3 But Eve heard the noise he made in falling on the
ground.  And she felt about for him with her hands, and
found him like a corpse.

4 Then she was afraid, speechless, and remained by him.

5 But the merciful Lord looked on the death of Adam,
and on Eve's silence from fear of the darkness.

6 And the Word of God came to Adam and raised him from
his death, and opened Eve's mouth that she might speak.

7 Then Adam stood up in the cave and said, "O God, why
has light departed from us, and darkness covered us?  Why
did you leave us in this long darkness?  Why do you plague
us like this?

8 And this darkness, O Lord, where was it before it covered us?
It is because of this that we cannot see each other.

9 For so long as we were in the garden, we neither saw
nor even knew what darkness is.  I was not hidden from Eve,
neither was she hidden from me, until now that she cannot
see me; and no darkness came over us to separate us from
each other.

10 But she and I were both in one bright light.  I saw
her and she saw me.  Yet now since we came into this cave,
darkness has covered us, and separated us from each other,
so that I do not see her, and she does not see me.

11 O Lord, will You then plague us with this darkness?"



Chapter XIII - The fall of Adam.  Why night and day were created.


1 Then when God, who is merciful and full of pity,
heard Adam's voice, He said to him: --

2 "O Adam, so long as the good angel was obedient to
Me, a bright light rested on him and on his hosts.

3 But when he transgressed My commandment, I deprived
him of that bright nature, and he became dark.

4 And when he was in the heavens, in the realms of light,
he knew nothing of darkness.

5 But he transgressed, and I made him fall from the heaven
onto the earth; and it was this darkness that came over him.

6 And on you, O Adam, while in My garden and obedient
to Me, did that bright light rest also.

7 But when I heard of your transgression, I deprived you
of that bright light.  Yet, of My mercy, I did not turn
you into darkness, but I made you your body of flesh,
over which I spread this skin, in order that it may bear
cold and heat.

8 If I had let My wrath fall heavily on you, I should
have destroyed you; and had I turned you into darkness, it
would have been as if I had killed you.

9 But in My mercy, I have made you as you are; when
you transgressed My commandment, O Adam, I drove you from
the garden, and made you come forth into this land; and
commanded you to live in this cave; and darkness covered
you, as it did over him who transgressed My commandment.

10 Thus, O Adam, has this night deceived you.  It is
not to last forever; but is only of twelve hours; when it
is over, daylight will return.

11 Sigh not, therefore, neither be moved; and say not
in your heart that this darkness is long and drags on wearily;
and say not in your heart that I plague you with it.

12 Strengthen your heart, and be not afraid.  This
darkness is not a punishment.  But, O Adam, I have made the
day, and have placed the sun in it to give light; in order
that you and your children should do your work.

13 For I knew you would sin and transgress, and come
out into this land.  Yet I wouldn't force you, nor be heard
over you, nor shut up; nor doom you through your fall; nor
through your coming out from light into darkness; nor yet
through your coming from the garden into this land.

14 For I made you of the light; and I willed to bring
out children of light from you and like to you.

15 But you did not keep My commandment one day; until
I had finished the creation and blessed everything in it.

16 Then, concerning the tree, I commanded you not to
eat of it.  Yet I knew that Satan, who deceived himself,
would also deceive you.

17 So I made known to you by means of the tree, not to
come near him.  And I told you not to eat of the fruit
thereof, nor to taste of it, nor yet to sit under it, nor
to yield to it.

18 Had I not been and spoken to you, O Adam,
concerning the tree, and had I left you without a
commandment, and you had sinned -- it would have been an
offence on My part, for not having given you any order; you
would turn around and blame Me for it.

19 But I commanded you, and warned you, and you fell. 
So that My creatures cannot blame Me; but the blame rests
on them alone.

20 And, O Adam, I have made the day so that you and
your descendants can work and toil in it.  And I have made
the night for them to rest in it from their work; and for
the beasts of the field to go forth by night and look for
their food.

21 But little of darkness now remains, O Adam, and
daylight will soon appear."



Chapter XIV - The earliest prophesy of the coming of Christ.


1 Then Adam said to God: "O Lord, take You my soul,
and let me not see this gloom any more; or remove me to
some place where there is no darkness."

2 But God the Lord said to Adam, "Indeed I say to you,
this darkness will pass from you, every day I have
determined for you, until the fulfillment of My covenant;
when I will save you and bring you back again into the
garden, into the house of light you long for, in which
there is no darkness*.  I will bring you to it -- in the
kingdom of heaven."

3 Again said God to Adam, "All this misery that you
have been made to take on yourself because of your
transgression, will not free you from the hand of Satan,
and will not save you.

4 But I will.  When I shall come down from heaven, and
shall become flesh of your descendants, and take on Myself
the infirmity from which you suffer, then the darkness that
covered you in this cave shall cover Me in the grave, when
I am in the flesh of your descendants.

5 And I, who am without years, shall be subject to the
reckoning of years, of times, of months, and of days, and I
shall be reckoned as one of the sons of men, in order to
save you."

6 And God ceased to commune with Adam.


* Reference: John 12:46



Chapter XV - Adam and Eve grieve over the suffering of God
to save them from their sins.


1 Then Adam and Eve cried and sorrowed by reason of
God's word to them, that they should not return to the
garden until the fulfillment of the days decreed on them;
but mostly because God had told them that He should suffer
for their salvation.



Chapter XVI - The first sunrise.  Adam and Eve think it is
a fire coming to burn them.


1 After this, Adam and Eve continued to stand in the
cave, praying and crying, until the morning dawned on them.

2 And when they saw the light returned to them, they
retrained from fear, and strengthened their hearts.

3 Then Adam began to come out of the cave.  And when
he came to the mouth of it, and stood and turned his face
towards the east, and saw the sunrise in glowing rays, and
felt the heat thereof on his body, he was afraid of it, and
thought in his heart that this flame came forth to plague him.

4 He then cried and beat his chest, then he fell on
the ground on his face and made his request, saying: --

5 "O Lord, plague me not, neither consume me, nor yet
take away my life from the earth."

6 For he thought the sun was God.

7 Because while he was in the garden and heard the
voice of God and the sound He made in the garden, and
feared Him, Adam never saw the brilliant light of the sun,
neither did its flaming heat touch his body.

8 Therefore he was afraid of the sun when flaming rays
of it reached him.  He thought God meant to plague him
therewith all the days He had decreed for him.

9 For Adam also said in his thoughts, as God did not
plague us with darkness, behold, He has caused this sun to
rise and to plague us with burning heat.

10 But while he was thinking like this in his heart,
the Word of God came to him and said: --

11 "O Adam, get up on your feet.  This sun is not God;
but it has been created to give light by day, of which I
spoke to you in the cave saying, 'that the dawn would come,
and there would be light by day.'

12 But I am God who comforted you in the night."

13 And God ceased to commune with Adam.



Chapter XVII - The Chapter of the Serpent.


1 The Adam and Eve came out at the mouth of the cave,
and went towards the garden.

2 But as they went near it, before the western gate,
from which Satan came when he deceived Adam and Eve, they
found the serpent that became Satan coming at the gate, and
sorrowfully licking the dust, and wiggling on its breast on
the ground, by reason of the curse that fell on it from God.

3 And whereas before the serpent was the most exalted
of all beasts, now it was changed and become slippery, and
the meanest of them all, and it crept on its breast and
went on its belly.

4 And whereas it was the fairest of all beasts, it had
been changed, and was become the ugliest of them all. 
Instead of feeding on the best food, now it turned to eat
the dust.  Instead of living, as before, in the best
places, now it lived in the dust.

5 And, whereas it had been the most beautiful of all
beasts, all of which stood dumb at its beauty, it was now
abhorred of them.

6 And, again, whereas it lived in one beautiful home,
to which all other animals came from elsewhere; and where
it drank, they drank also of the same; now, after it had
become venomous, by reason of God's curse, all beasts fled
from its home, and would not drink of the water it drank;
but fled from it.



Chapter XVIII - The mortal combat with the serpent.

1 When the accursed serpent saw Adam and Eve, it
swelled its head, stood on its tail, and with eyes blood-
red, acted like it would kill them.

2 It made straight for Eve, and ran after her; while
Adam standing by, cried because he had no stick in his hand
with which to hit the serpent, and did not know how to put
it to death.

3 But with a heart burning for Eve, Adam approached
the serpent, and held it by the tail; when it turned
towards him and said to him: --

4 "O Adam, because of you and of Eve, I am slippery,
and go on my belly."  Then with its great strength,
it threw down Adam and Eve and squeezed them,
and tried to kill them.

5 But God sent an angel who threw the serpent away
from them, and raised them up.

6 Then the Word of God came to the serpent, and said
to it, "The first time I made you slick, and made you to go
on your belly; but I did not deprive you of speech.

7 This time, however, you will be mute, and you and
your race will speak no more; because, the first time My
creatures were ruined because of  you, and this time you
tried to kill them."

8 Then the serpent was struck mute, and was no longer
able to speak.

9 And a wind blew down from heaven by the command of
God and carried away the serpent from Adam and Eve, and
threw it on the seashore where it landed in India.



Chapter XIX - Beasts made subject to Adam.


1 But Adam and Eve cried before God.  And Adam said to Him: --

2 "O Lord, when I was in the cave, I said this to you, my Lord, 
the beasts of the field would rise and devour me,
and cut off my life from the earth."

3 Then Adam, because of what had happened to him, beat
his chest and fell on the ground like a corpse.  Then the
Word of God came to him, who raised him, and said to him,

4 "O Adam, not one of these beasts will be able to hurt you;
because I have made the beasts and other moving things
come to you in the cave.  I did not let the serpent come
with them because it might have risen against you and made
you tremble; and the fear of it should fall into your hearts.

5 For I knew that the accursed one is wicked; therefore
I would not let it come near you with the other beasts.

6 But now strengthen your heart and fear not.  I am
with you to the end of the days I have determined on you."



Chapter XX - Adam wishes to protect Eve.


1 Then Adam cried and said, "O God, take us away to
some other place, where the serpent can not come near us
again, and rise against us.  For fear that it might find
Your handmaid Eve alone and kill her; for its eyes are
hideous and evil."

2 But God said to Adam and Eve, "From now on, don't be
afraid, I will not let it come near you; I have driven it
away from you, from this mountain; neither will I leave in
it the ability to hurt you."

3 Then Adam and Eve worshipped before God and gave Him
thanks, and praised Him for having delivered them from death.



Chapter XXI - Adam and Eve attempt suicide.


1 Then Adam and Eve went in search of the garden.

2 And the heat beat like a flame on their faces; and
they sweated from the heat, and cried before the Lord.

3 But the place where they cried was close to a high mountain,
facing the western gate of the garden.

4 Then Adam threw himself down from the top of that
mountain; his face was torn and his flesh was ripped; he
lost a lot of blood and was close to death.

5 Meanwhile Eve remained standing on the mountain
crying over him, thus lying.

6 And she said, "I don't wish to live after him; for
all that he did to himself was through me."

7 Then she threw herself after him; and was torn and
ripped by stones; and remained lying as dead.

8 But the merciful God, who looks over His creatures,
looked at Adam and Eve as they lay dead, and He sent His
Word to them, and raised them.

9 And said to Adam, "O Adam, all this misery which you
have brought on yourself, will have no affect against My rule,
neither will it alter the covenant of the 5, 500 years."



Chapter XXII - Adam in a gracious mood.


1 Then Adam said to God, "I dry up in the heat, I am
faint from walking, and I don't want to be in this world. 
And I don't know when You will take me out of it to rest."

2 Then the Lord God said to him, "O Adam, it cannot be
now, not until you have ended your days.  Then shall I
bring you out of this miserable land."

3 And Adam said to God, "While I was in the garden I
knew neither heat, nor languor, neither moving about, nor
trembling, nor fear; but now since I came to this land, all
this affliction has come over me.

4 Then God said to Adam, "So long as you were keeping
My commandment, My light and My grace rested on you.  But
when you transgressed My commandment, sorrow and misery
came to you in this land."

5 And Adam cried and said, "O Lord, do not cut me off
for this, neither punish me with heavy plagues, nor yet
repay me according to my sin; for we, of our own will,
transgressed Your commandment, and ignored Your law, and
tried to become gods like you, when Satan the enemy
deceived us."

6 Then God said again to Adam, "Because you have
endured fear and trembling in this land, languor and
suffering, treading and walking about, going on this
mountain, and dying from it, I will take all this on Myself
in order to save you."



Chapter XXIII - Adam and Eve strengthen themselves and make
the first altar ever built.


1 Then Adam cried more and said, "O God, have mercy on
me, so far as to take on yourself, that which I will do."

2 But God withdrew His Word from Adam and Eve.

3 Then Adam and Eve stood on their feet; and Adam said to Eve,
"Strengthen yourself, and I also will strengthen myself."
And she strengthened herself, as Adam told her.

4 Then Adam and Eve took stones and placed them in the
shape of an altar; and they took leaves from the trees
outside the garden, with which they wiped, from the face of
the rock, the blood they had spilled.

5 But that which had dropped on the sand, they took
together with the dust with which it was mingled and
offered it on the altar as an offering to God.

6 Then Adam and Eve stood under the Altar and cried,
thus praying to God, "Forgive us our trespass* and our sin,
and look at us with Thine eye of mercy.  For when we were
in the garden our praises and our hymns went up before you
without ceasing.  

7 But when we came into this strange land, pure praise
was not longer ours, nor righteous prayer, nor
understanding hearts, nor sweet thoughts, nor just
counsels, nor long discernment, nor upright feelings,
neither is our bright nature left us.  But our body is
changed from the likeness in which it was at first, when we
were created.

8 Yet now look at our blood which is offered on these
stones, and accept it at our hands, like the praise we used
to sing to you at first, when in the garden."

9 And Adam began to make more requests of God.


* ORIGINAL OF THE LORD'S PRAYER SAID TO BE USED ABOUT
150 YEARS BEFORE OUR LORD: Our Father, Who art in Heaven,
be gracious unto us, O Lord our God, hallowed be Your Name,
and let the remembrance of Thee be glorified Heaven above
and upon earth here below.  

Let Your kingdom reign over us now and forever.  The
Holy Men of old said remit and forgive unto all men
whatsoever they have done unto me.  And lead us not into
temptation, but deliver us from the evil thing; for Thine
is the kingdom and Thou shalt reign in glory forever and
forevermore, AMEN.



Chapter XXIV - A vivid prophecy of the life and death of Christ.


1 Then the merciful God, good and lover of men, looked
at Adam and Eve, and at their blood, which they had held up
as an offering to Him; without an order from Him for so
doing.  But He wondered at them; and accepted their
offerings.

2 And God sent from His presence a bright fire, that
consumed their offering.

3 He smelled the sweet savor of their offering, and
showed them mercy.

4 Then came the Word of God to Adam, and said to him,
"O Adam, as you have shed your blood, so will I shed My own
blood when I become flesh of your descendants; and as you
died, O Adam, so also will I die.  And as you built an
altar, so also will I make for you an altar of the earth;
and as you offered your blood on it, so also will I offer
My blood on an altar on the earth.

5 And as you sued for forgiveness through that blood,
so also will I make My blood forgiveness of sins, and erase
transgressions in it.

6 And now, behold, I have accepted your offering, O
Adam, but the days of the covenant in which I have bound
you are not fulfilled.  When they are fulfilled, then will
I bring you back into the garden.

7 Now, therefore, strengthen your heart; and when
sorrow comes over you, make Me an offering, and I will be
favorable to you."



Chapter XXV - God represented as merciful and loving.
The establishing of worship.


1 But God knew that Adam believed he should frequently
kill himself and make an offering to Him of his blood.

2 Therefore He said to him, "O Adam, don't ever kill
yourself like this again, by throwing yourself down from
that mountain."

3 But Adam said to God, "I was thinking to put an end
to myself at once, for having transgressed Your
commandments, and for my having come out of the beautiful
garden; and for the bright light of which You have deprived
me; and for the praises which poured forth from my mouth
without ceasing, and for the light that covered me.

4 Yet of Your goodness, O God, do not get rid of me
altogether; but be favorable to me every time I die, and
bring me to life.

5 And thereby it will be made known that You are a
merciful God, who does not want anyone to perish; who loves
not that one should fall; and who does not condemn any one
cruelly, badly, and by whole destruction."

6 Then Adam remained silent.

7 And the Word of God came to him, and blessed him,
and comforted him, and covenanted with him, that He would
save him at the end of the days determined for him.

8 This, then, was the first offering Adam made to God;
and so it became his custom to do.



Chapter XXVI - A beautiful prophecy of eternal life and joy
(v. 15). The fall of night.

1 Then Adam took Eve, and they began to return to the
Cave of Treasures where they lived.  But when they got
closer to it and saw it from a distance, heavy sorrow fell
on Adam and Eve when they looked at it.

2 Then Adam said to Eve, "When we were on the mountain
we were comforted by the Word of God that conversed with
us; and the light that came from the east shown over us.

3 But now the Word of God is hidden from us; and the
light that shown over us is so changed as to disappear, and
let darkness and sorrow come over us.

4 And we are forced to enter this cave which is like a
prison, in which darkness covers us, so that we are
separated from each other; and you can not see me, neither
can I see you."

5 When Adam had said these words, they cried and
spread their hands before God; for they were full of
sorrow.

6 And they prayed to God to bring the sun to them, to
shine on them, so that darkness would not return to them,
and that they wouldn't have to go under this covering of
rock.  And they wished to die rather than see the darkness.

7 Then God looked at Adam and Eve and at their great
sorrow, and at all they had done with a fervent heart, on
account of all the trouble they were in, instead of their
former well-being, and on account of all the misery that
came over them in a strange land.

8 Therefore God was not angry with them; nor impatient
with them; but he was patient and forbearing towards them,
as towards the children He had created.

9 Then came the Word of God to Adam, and said to him,
"Adam, as for the sun, if I were to take it and bring it to
you, days, hours, years and months would all stop, and the
covenant I have made with you, would never be fulfilled.

10 But then you would be deserted and stuck in a
perpetual plague, and you would never be saved.

11 Yes, rather, bear long and calm your soul while you
live night and day; until the fulfillment of the days, and
the time of My covenant is come.

12 Then shall I come and save you, O Adam, for I do
not wish that you be afflicted.

13 And when I look at all the good things in which you
lived, and why you came out of them, then would I willingly
show you mercy.

14 But I cannot alter the covenant that has gone out
of My mouth; otherwise I would have brought you back into
the garden.

15 When, however, the covenant is fulfilled, then
shall I show you and your descendants mercy, and bring you
into a land of gladness, where there is neither sorrow nor
suffering; but abiding joy and gladness, and light that
never fails, and praises that never cease; and a beautiful
garden that shall never pass away."

16 And God said again to Adam, "Be patient and enter the cave,
for the darkness, of which you were afraid, shall only be
twelve hours long; and when ended, light shall come up."

17 Then when Adam heard these words from God, he and
Eve worshipped before Him, and their hearts were comforted. 
They returned into the cave after their custom, while tears
flowed from their eyes, sorrow and wailing came from their
hearts, and they wished their soul would leave their body.

18 And Adam and Eve stood praying until the darkness
of night came over them, and Adam was hid from Eve, and she
from him.

19 And they remained standing in prayer.



Chapter XXVII - The second tempting of Adam and Eve.
The devil takes on the form of a beguiling light.


1 When Satan, the hater of all good, saw how they
continued in prayer, and how God communed with them, and
comforted them, and how He had accepted their offering --
Satan made an apparition.

2 He began with transforming his hosts; in his hands
was a flashing fire, and they were in a great light.

3 He then placed his throne near the mouth of the cave
because he could not enter into it by reason of their prayers.
And he shed light into the cave, until the cave glistened over
Adam and Eve; while his hosts began to sing praises.

4 And Satan did this, in order that when Adam saw the
light, he should think within himself that it was a
heavenly light, and that Satan's hosts were angels; and
that God had sent them to watch at the cave, and to give
him light in the darkness.

5 So that when Adam came out of the cave and saw them,
and Adam and Eve bowed to Satan, then he would overcome
Adam thereby, and a second time humble him before God.

6 When, therefore, Adam and Eve saw the light,
fancying it was real, they strengthened their hearts; yet,
as they were trembling, Adam said to Eve: --

7 "Look at that great light, and at those many songs
of praise, and at that host standing outside who won't come
into our cave.  Why don't they tell us what they want, 
where they are from, what the meaning of this light is,
what those praises are, why they have been sent to this
place, and why they won't come in?

8 If they were from God, they would come into the cave
with us, and would tell us why they were sent."

9 Then Adam stood up and prayed to God with a burning
heart, and said: --

10 "O Lord, is there in the world another god besides
You, who created angels and filled them with light, and
sent them to keep us, who would come with them?

11 But, look, we see these hosts that stand at the
mouth of the cave; they are in a great light; they sing
loud praises.  If they are of some other god than You, tell
me; and if they are sent by you, inform me of the reason
for which You have sent them."

12 No sooner had Adam said this, than an angel from
God appeared to him in the cave, who said to him, "O Adam,
fear not.  This is Satan and his hosts; he wishes to
deceive you as he deceived you at first.  For the first
time, he was hidden in the serpent; but this time he is
come to you in the likeness of an angel of light; in order
that, when you worshipped him, he might enslave you, in the
very presence of God."

13 Then the angel went from Adam and seized Satan at
the opening of the cave, and stripped him of the pretense
he had assumed, and brought him in his own hideous form to
Adam and Eve; who were afraid of him when they saw him.

14 And the angel said to Adam, "This hideous form has
been his ever since God made him fall from heaven.  He
could not have come near you in it; he therefore
transformed himself into an angel of light."

15 Then the angel drove away Satan and his hosts from
Adam and Eve, and said to them, "Fear not; God who created
you, will strengthen you."

16 And the angel left them.

17 But Adam and Eve remained standing in the cave; no
consolation came to them; they divided in their thoughts.

18 And when it was morning they prayed; and then went
out to seek the garden.  For their hearts were towards it,
and they could get no consolation for having left it.



Chapter XXVIII - The Devil pretends to lead Adam and Eve to
the water to bathe.


1 But when the crafty Satan saw them, that they were
going to the garden, he gathered together his host, and
came in appearance on a cloud, intent on deceiving them.

2 But when Adam and Eve saw him thus in a vision, they
thought they were angels of God come to comfort them about
having left the garden, or to bring them back again into it.

3 And Adam spread his hands before God, beseeching Him
to make him understand what they were.

4 Then Satan, the hater of all good, said to Adam, "O
Adam, I am an angel of the great God; and, behold the hosts
that surround me.

5 God has sent us to take you and bring you to the
border of the garden northwards; to the shore of the clear
sea, and bathe you and Eve in it, and raise you to your
former gladness, that you return again to the garden."

6 These words sank into the heart of Adam and Eve.

7 Yet God withheld His Word from Adam, and did not
make him understand at once, but waited to see his
strength; whether he would be overcome as Eve was when in
the garden, or whether he would prevail.

8 Then Satan called to Adam and Eve, and said,
"Behold, we go to the sea of water," and they began to go.

9 And Adam and Eve followed them at some little distance.

10 But when they came to the mountain to the north of
the garden, a very high mountain, without any steps to the
top of it, the Devil drew near to Adam and Eve, and made
them go up to the top in reality, and not in a vision;
wishing, as he did, to throw them down and kill them, and
to wipe off their name from the earth; so that this earth
should remain to him and his hosts alone.



Chapter XXIX - God tells Adam of the Devil's purpose. (v. 4).


1 But when the merciful God saw that Satan wished to
kill Adam with his many tricks, and saw that Adam was meek
and without guile, God spoke to Satan in a loud voice, and
cursed him.

2 Then he and his hosts fled, and Adam and Eve
remained standing on the top of the mountain, from there
they saw below them the wide world, high above which they
were.  But they saw none of the host which time after time
were by them.

3 They cried, both Adam and Eve, before God, and
begged for forgiveness of Him.

4 Then came the Word from God to Adam, and said to
him, "Know you and understand concerning this Satan, that
he seeks to deceive you and your descendants after you."

5 And Adam cried before the Lord God, and begged and
prayed to Him to give him something from the garden, as a
token to him, wherein to be comforted.

6 And God considered Adam's thought, and sent the
angel Michael as far as the sea that reaches India, to take
from there golden rods and bring them to Adam.

7 This did God in His wisdom in order that these
golden rods, being with Adam in the cave, should shine
forth with light in the night around him, and put an end to
his fear of the darkness.

8 Then the angel Michael went down by God's order,
took golden rods, as God had commanded him, and brought
them to God.



Chapter XXX - Adam receives the first worldly goods.


1 After these things, God commanded the angel Gabriel
to go down to the garden, and say to the cherub who kept
it, "Behold, God has commanded me to come into the garden,
and to take from it sweet smelling incense, and give it to Adam."

2 Then the angel Gabriel went down by God's order to
the garden, and told the cherub as God had commanded him.

3 The cherub then said, "Well."  And Gabriel went in
and took the incense. 

4 Then God commanded his angel Raphael to go down to
the garden, and speak to the cherub about some myrrh, to
give to Adam.

5 And the angel Raphael went down and told the cherub
as God had commanded him, and the cherub said, "Well." 
Then Raphael went in and took the myrrh.

6 The golden rods were from the Indian sea, where
there are precious stones.  The incense was from the
eastern border of the garden; and the myrrh from the
western border, from where bitterness came over Adam.

7 And the angels brought these things to God, by the
Tree of Life, in the garden.

8 Then God said to the angels, "Dip them in the spring
of water; then take them and sprinkle their water over Adam
and Eve, that they be a little comforted in their sorrow,
and give them to Adam and Eve.

9 And the angels did as God had commanded them, and
they gave all those things to Adam and Eve on the top of
the mountain on which Satan had placed them, when he sought
to make an end of them.

10 And when Adam saw the golden rods, the incense and
the myrrh, he was rejoiced and cried because he thought
that the gold was a token of the kingdom from where he had
come, that the incense was a token of the bright light
which had been taken from him, and that the myrrh was a
token of the sorrow in which he was.



Chapter XXXI - They make themselves more comfortable
in the Cave of Treasures on the third day.


1 After these things God said to Adam, "You asked Me
for something from the garden, to be comforted therewith,
and I have given you these three tokens as a consolation to
you; that you trust in Me and in My covenant with you.

2 For I will come and save you; and kings shall bring
me when in the flesh, gold, incense and myrrh; gold as a
token of My kingdom; incense as a token of My divinity; and
myrrh as a token of My suffering and of My death.

3 But, O Adam, put these by you in the cave; the gold
that it may shed light over you by night; the incense, that
you smell its sweet savor; and the myrrh, to comfort you in
your sorrow."

4 When Adam heard these words from God, he worshipped
before Him.  He and Eve worshipped Him and gave Him thanks,
because He had dealt mercifully with them.

5 Then God commanded the three angels, Michael,
Gabriel and Raphael, each to bring what he had brought, and
give it to Adam.  And they did so, one by one.

6 And God commanded Suriyel and Salathiel to bear up
Adam and Eve, and bring them down from the top of the high
mountain, and to take them to the Cave of Treasures.

7 There they laid the gold on the south side of the cave,
the incense on the eastern side, and the myrrh on the western side.
For the mouth of the cave was on the north side.

8 The angels then comforted Adam and Eve, and departed.

9 The gold was seventy rods*; the incense, twelve
pounds; and the myrrh, three pounds.

10 These remained by Adam in the Cave of Treasures**.

11 God gave these three things to Adam on the third day
after he had come out of the garden, in token of the
three days the Lord should remain in the heart of the earth.

12 And these three things, as they continued with Adam
in the cave, gave him light by night; and by day they gave
him a little relief from his sorrow.


* A rod is a unit of linear measure equivalent to 5.5
yards and also a unit of area measure equivalent to 30.25
square yards.  In this case, the word rod simply means a kind
of long, thin piece of gold of unspecified size and weight.

** This is the original text which appears to contain
embedded editorial content:  "These remained by Adam in the
House of Treasures; therefore was it called 'of
concealment.'  But other interpreters say it was called the
'Cave of Treasures,' by reason of the bodies of righteous
men that were in it.



Chapter XXXII - Adam and Eve go into the water to pray.


1 And Adam and Eve remained in the Cave of Treasures
until the seventh day; they neither ate of the fruit the
earth, nor drank water.

2 And when it dawned on the eighth day, Adam said to
Eve, "O Eve, we prayed God to give us something from the
garden, and He sent his angels who brought us what we had
desired.

3 But now, get up, let us go to the sea of water we
saw at first, and let us stand in it, praying that God will
again be favorable to us and take us back to the garden; or
give us something; or that He will give us comfort in some
other land than this in which we are."

4 Then Adam and Eve came out of the cave, went and
stood on the border of the sea in which they had before
thrown themselves, and Adam said to Eve:-- 

5 Come, go down into this place, and come not out of
it until the end of thirty days, when I shall come to you. 
And pray to God with burning heart and a sweet voice, to
forgive us.

6 And I will go to another place, and go down into it,
and do like you."

7 Then Eve went down into the water, as Adam had
commanded her.  Adam also went down into the water; and
they stood praying; and besought the Lord to forgive them
their offense, and to restore them to their former state.

8 And they stood like that praying, until the end of
the thirty-five days.



Chapter XXXIII - Satan falsely promises the "bright light."


1 But Satan, the hater of all good, sought them in the cave,
but found them not, although he searched diligently for them.

2 But he found them standing in the water praying and
thought within himself, "Adam and Eve are standing like
that in that water praying to God to forgive them their
transgression, and to restore them to their former state,
and to take them from under my hand.

3 But I will deceive them so that they shall come out
of the water, and not fulfil their vow."

4 Then the hater of all good, went not to Adam, but he
went to Eve, and took the form of an angel of God, praising
and rejoicing, and said to her:--

5 "Peace be to you!  Be glad and rejoice!  God is
favorable to you, and He sent me to Adam.  I have brought
him the glad tidings of salvation, and of his being filled
with bright light as he was at first.

6 And Adam, in his joy for his restoration, has sent
me to you, that you come to me, in order that I crown you
with light like him.

7 And he said to me, 'Speak to Eve; if she does not
come with you, tell her of the sign when we were on the top
of the mountain; how God sent his angels who took us and
brought us to the Cave of Treasures; and laid the gold on
the southern side; incense, on the eastern side; and myrrh
on the western side.'  Now come to him."

8 When Eve hear these words from him, she rejoiced
greatly.  And thinking Satan's appearance was real, she
came out of the sea.

9 He went before, and she followed him until they came to Adam.
Then Satan hid himself from her, and she saw him no more.

10 She then came and stood before Adam, who was
standing by the water and rejoicing in God's forgiveness.

11 And as she called to him, he turned around, found
her there and cried when he saw her, and beat his chest;
and from the bitterness of his grief, he sank into the water.

12 But God looked at him and at his misery, and at his
being about to breathe his last.  And the Word of God came
from heaven, raised him out of the water, and said to him,
"Go up the high bank to Eve."  And when he came up to Eve
he said to her, "Who told you to come here?"

13 Then she told him the discourse of the angel who
had appeared to her and had given her a sign.

14 But Adam grieved, and gave her to know it was Satan.
He then took her and they both returned to the cave.  

15 These things happened to them the second time they
went down to the water, seven days after their coming out
of the garden.

16 They fasted in the water thirty-five days;
altogether forty-two days since they had left the garden.



Chapter XXXIV - Adam recalls the creation of Eve.
He eloquently appeals for food and drink.


1 And on the morning of the forty-third day, they came
out of the cave, sorrowful and crying.  Their bodies were
lean, and they were parched from hunger and thirst, from
fasting and praying, and from their heavy sorrow on account
of their transgression.

2 And when they had come out of the cave they went up
the mountain to the west of the garden.

3 There they stood and prayed and besought God to
grant them forgiveness of their sins.

4 And after their prayers Adam began to beg God,
saying, "O my Lord, my God, and my Creator, You commanded
the four elements* to be gathered together, and they were
gathered together by Thine order.

5 Then You spread Your hand and created me out of one
element, that of dust of the earth; and You brought me into
the garden at the third hour, on a Friday, and informed me
of it in the cave.

6 Then, at first, I knew neither night nor day, for I
had a bright nature; neither did the light in which I lived
ever leave me to know night or day.

7 Then, again, O Lord, in that third hour in which You
created me, You brought to me all beasts, and lions, and
ostriches, and fowls of the air, and all things that move
in the earth, which You had created at the first hour
before me of the Friday.

8 And Your will was that I should name them all, one
by one, with a suitable name.  But You gave me
understanding and knowledge, and a pure heart and a right
mind from you, that I should name them after Thine own mind
regarding the naming of them.

9 O God, You made them obedient to me, and ordered
that not one of them break from my sway, according to Your
commandment, and to the dominion which You had given me
over them.  But now they are all estranged from me.

10 Then it was in that third hour of Friday, in which
You created me, and commanded me concerning the tree, to
which I was neither to go near, nor to eat thereof; for You
said to me in the garden, 'When you eat of it, of death you
shall die.'

11 And if You had punished me as You said, with death,
I should have died that very moment.

12 Moreover, when You commanded me regarding the tree,
I was neither to approach nor to eat thereof, Eve was not
with me; You had not yet created her, neither had You yet
taken her out of my side; nor had she yet heard this order
from you.

13 Then, at the end of the third hour of that Friday,
O Lord, You caused a slumber and a sleep to come over me,
and I slept, and was overwhelmed in sleep.

14 Then You drew a rib out of my side, and created it
after my own likeness and image.  Then I awoke; and when I
saw her and knew who she was, I said, 'This is bone of my
bones, and flesh of my flesh; from now on she shall be
called woman.'

15 It was of Your good will, O God, that You brought a
slumber in a sleep over me, and that You immediately
brought Eve out of my side, until she was out, so that I
did not see how she was made; neither could I witness, O my
Lord, how awful and great are Your goodness and glory.

16 And of Your goodwill, O Lord, You made us both with
bodies of a bright nature, and You made us two, one; and
You gave us Your grace, and filled us with praises of the
Holy Spirit; that we should be neither hungry nor thirsty,
nor know what sorrow is, nor yet faintness of heart;
neither suffering, fasting nor weariness.

17 But now, O God, since we transgressed Your
commandment and broke Your law, You have brought us out
into a strange land, and have caused suffering, and
faintness, hunger  and thirst to come over us.

18 Now, therefore, O God, we pray you, give us
something to eat from the garden, to satisfy our hunger
with it; and something wherewith to quench our thirst.

19 For, behold, many days, O God, we have tasted
nothing and drunk nothing, and our flesh is dried up, and
our strength is wasted, and sleep is gone from our eyes
from faintness and crying.

20 Then, O God, we dare not gather anything from the
fruit of trees, from fear of you.  For when we transgress
at first You spared us and did not make us die.

21 But now, we thought in our hearts, if we eat of the
fruit of the trees, without God's order, He will destroy us
this time, and will wipe us off from the face of the earth.

22 And if we drink of this water, without God's order,
He will make an end of us and root us up at once.

23 Now, therefore, O God, that I am come to this place
with Eve, we beg You to give us some fruit from the garden,
that we may be satisfied with it.

24 For we desire the fruit that is on the earth, and
all else that we lack in it."


* The medieval belief that there were only four
elements - fire, earth, air, and water - was widely
accepted until about 1500 AD when the current atomic theory
was in its infancy.



Chapter XXXV - God's reply.


1 Then God looked again at Adam and his crying and groaning,
and the Word of God came to him, and said to him: --

2 "O Adam, when you were in My garden, you knew
neither eating nor drinking; neither faintness nor
suffering; neither leanness of flesh, nor change; neither
did sleep depart from thine eyes.  But since you
transgressed, and came into this strange land, all these
trials are come over you."



Chapter XXXVI - Figs.


1 Then God commanded the cherub, who kept the gate of
the garden with a sword of fire in his hand, to take some
of the fruit of the fig-tree, and to give it to Adam.

2 The cherub obeyed the command of the Lord God, and
went into the garden and brought two figs on two twigs,
each fig hanging to its leaf; they were from two of the
trees among which Adam and Eve hid themselves when God went
to walk in the garden, and the Word of God came to Adam and
Eve and said to them, "Adam, Adam, where are you?"

3 And Adam answered, "O God, here I am.  When I heard the sound
of You and Your voice, I hid myself, because I am naked."

4 Then the cherub took two figs and brought them to
Adam and Eve.  But he threw them to them from a distance;
for they might not come near the cherub by reason of their
flesh, that could not come near the fire.

5 At first, angels trembled at the presence of Adam
and were afraid of him.  But now Adam trembled before the
angels and was afraid of them.

6 Then Adam came closer and took one fig, and Eve also
came in turn and took the other.

7 And as they took them up in their hands, they looked
at them, and knew they were from the trees among which they
had hidden themselves.



Chapter XXXVII - Forty-three days of penance do not redeem
one hour of sin (v. 6).


1 Then Adam said to Eve, "Do you not see these figs
and their leaves, with which we covered ourselves when we
were stripped of our bright nature?  But now, we do not
know what misery and suffering may come over us from eating them.

2 Now, therefore, O Eve, let us restrain ourselves and
not eat of them, you and I; and let us ask God to give us
of the fruit of the Tree of Life."

3 Thus did Adam and Eve restrain themselves, and did
not eat of these figs.

4 But Adam began to pray to God and to beseech Him to
give him of the fruit of the Tree of Life, saying thus: "O
God, when we transgressed Your commandment at the sixth
hour of Friday, we were stripped of the bright nature we
had, and did not continue in the garden after our
transgression, more than three hours.

5 But in the evening You made us come out of it.  O
God, we transgressed against You one hour, and all these
trials and sorrows have come over us until this day.

6 And those days together with this the forty-third
day, do not redeem that one hour in which we transgressed!

7 O God, look at us with an eye of pity, and do not
avenge us according to our transgression of Your
commandment, in Your presence.

8 O God, give us of the fruit of the Tree of Life,
that we may eat of it, and live, and turn not to see
sufferings and other trouble, in this earth; for You are God.

9 When we transgressed Your commandment, You made us
come out of the garden, and sent a cherub to keep the Tree
of Life, lest we should eat thereof, and live; and know
nothing of faintness after we transgressed.

10 But now, O Lord, behold, we have endured all these
days, and have borne sufferings.  Make these forty-three
days an equivalent for the one hour in which we transgressed."



Chapter XXXVIII - "When 5500 years are fulfilled. . . ."


1 After these things the Word of God came to Adam, and said to him: --

2 "O Adam, as to the fruit on the Tree of Life that
you have asked for, I will not give it to you now, but only
when the 5500 years are fulfilled.  At that time I will
give you fruit from the Tree of Life, and you will eat, and
live forever, you, and Eve, and your righteous descendants.

3 But these forty-three days cannot make amends for
the hour in which you transgressed My commandment.

4 O Adam, I gave you the fruit of the fig-tree to eat
in which you hid yourself.  Go and eat of it, you and Eve.

5 I will not deny your request, neither will I
disappoint your hope; therefore, endure until the
fulfillment of the covenant I made with you."

6 And God withdrew His Word from Adam.



Chapter XXXIX - Adam is cautious -- but too late.


1 Then Adam returned to Eve, and said to her, "Get up,
and take a fig for yourself, and I will take another; and
let us go to our cave."

2 Then Adam and Eve took each a fig and went towards
the cave; the time was about the setting of the sun; and
their thoughts made them long to eat of the fruit.

3 But Adam said to Eve, "I am afraid to eat of this fig.
I know not what may come over me from it."

4 So Adam cried, and stood praying before God, saying,
"Satisfy my hunger, without my having to eat this fig; for
after I have eaten it, what will it profit me?  And what
shall I desire and ask of you, O God, when it is gone?"

5 And he said again, "I am afraid to eat of it; for I
know not what will befall me through it."



Chapter XL - The first Human hunger.


1 Then the Word of God came to Adam, and said to him,
"O Adam, why didn't you have this dread, or this fasting,
or this care before now?  And why didn't you have this fear
before you transgressed?

2 But when you came to live in this strange land, your
animal body could not survive on earth without earthly
food, to strengthen it and to restore its powers."

3 And God withdrew His Word for Adam.



Chapter XLI - The first Human thirst.


1 Then Adam took the fig, and laid it on the golden
rods.  Eve also took her fig, and put it on the incense.





The Argonautica by Apollonius Rhodius (fl. 3rd Century B.C.)

Originally written in Ancient Greek sometime in the 3rd Century
B.C. by the Alexandrian poet Apollonius Rhodius ("Apollonius the
Rhodian").  Translation by R.C. Seaton, 1912.


This electronic edition was edited, proofed, and prepared by
Douglas B. Killings (DeTroyes@EnterAct.COM), January 1997.

PREPARER'S NOTE:
Words in CAPITALS are Greek words transliterated into modern
characters.

*****************************************************************
SELECTED BIBLIOGRAPHY:

ORIGINAL TEXT --

Seaton, R.C. (Ed. & Trans.): "Apollonius Rhodius: Argonautica"
(Harvard University Press, Cambridge MA, 1912).  Original Greek
text with side-by-side English translation.


OTHER TRANSLATIONS --

Rieu, E.V. (Trans.): "Apollonius of Rhodes: The Voyage of the
Argo" (Penguin Classics, London, 1959, 1971).


RECOMMENDED READING --

Euripides: "Medea", "Hecabe", "Electra", and "Heracles",
translated
by Philip Vellacott (Penguin Classics, London, 1963).  Contains
four plays by Euripides, two of which concern characters from
"The Argonautica".

*****************************************************************

INTRODUCTION

Much has been written about the chronology of Alexandrian
literature and the famous Library, founded by Ptolemy Soter, but
the dates of the chief writers are still matters of conjecture.
The birth of Apollonius Rhodius is placed by scholars at
various times between 296 and 260 B.C., while the year of his
death is equally uncertain.  In fact, we have very little
information on the subject.  There are two "lives" of Apollonius
in the Scholia, both derived from an earlier one which is lost.
From these we learn that he was of Alexandria by birth, (1) that
he lived in the time of the Ptolemies, and was a pupil of
Callimachus; that while still a youth he composed and recited in
public his "Argonautica", and that the poem was condemned, in
consequence of which he retired to Rhodes; that there he revised
his poem, recited it with great applause, and hence called
himself a Rhodian.  The second "life" adds: "Some say that he
returned to Alexandria and again recited his poem with the utmost
success, so that he was honoured with the libraries of the Museum
and was buried with Callimachus."  The last sentence may be
interpreted by the notice of Suidas, who informs us that
Apollonius was a contemporary of Eratosthenes, Euphorion and
Timarchus, in the time of Ptolemy Euergetes, and that he
succeeded Eratosthenes in the headship of the Alexandrian
Library.  Suidas also informs us elsewhere that Aristophanes at
the age of sixty-two succeeded Apollonius in this office.  Many
modern scholars deny the "bibliothecariate" of Apollonius for
chronological reasons, and there is considerable difficulty about
it.  The date of Callimachus' "Hymn to Apollo", which closes with
some lines (105-113) that are admittedly an allusion to
Apollonius, may be put with much probability at 248 or 247 B.C.
Apollonius must at that date have been at least twenty years old.
Eratosthenes died 196-193 B.C.  This would make Apollonius
seventy-two to seventy-five when he succeeded Eratosthenes.  This
is not impossible, it is true, but it is difficult.  But the
difficulty is taken away if we assume with Ritschl that
Eratosthenes resigned his office some years before his death,
which allows us to put the birth of Apollonius at about 280, and
would solve other difficulties.  For instance, if the Librarians
were buried within the precincts, it would account for the burial
of Apollonius next to Callimachus--Eratosthenes being still
alive.  However that may be, it is rather arbitrary to take away
the "bibliothecariate" of Apollonius, which is clearly asserted
by Suidas, on account of chronological calculations which are
themselves uncertain.  Moreover, it is more probable that the
words following "some say" in the second "life" are a remnant of
the original life than a conjectural addition, because the first
"life" is evidently incomplete, nothing being said about the end
of Apollonius' career.

The principal event in his life, so far as we know, was the
quarrel with his master Callimachus, which was most probably the
cause of his condemnation at Alexandria and departure to Rhodes.
This quarrel appears to have arisen from differences of literary
aims and taste, but, as literary differences often do,
degenerated into the bitterest personal strife.  There are
references to the quarrel in the writings of both.  Callimachus
attacks Apollonius in the passage at the end of the "Hymn to
Apollo", already mentioned, also probably in some epigrams, but
most of all in his "Ibis", of which we have an imitation, or
perhaps nearly a translation, in Ovid's poem of the same name. 
On the part of Apollonius there is a passage in the third book of
the "Argonautica" (11. 927-947) which is of a polemical nature
and stands out from the context, and the well-known savage
epigram upon Callimachus. (2)  Various combinations have been
attempted by scholars, notably by Couat, in his "Poesie
Alexandrine", to give a connected account of the quarrel, but we
have not data sufficient to determine the order of the attacks,
and replies, and counter-attacks.  The "Ibis" has been thought to
mark the termination of the feud on the curious ground that it
was impossible for abuse to go further.  It was an age when
literary men were more inclined to comment on writings of the
past than to produce original work.  Literature was engaged in
taking stock of itself.  Homer was, of course, professedly
admired by all, but more admired than imitated.  Epic poetry was
out of fashion and we find many epigrams of this period--some
by Callimachus--directed against the "cyclic" poets, by whom
were meant at that time those who were always dragging in
conventional and commonplace epithets and phrases peculiar to
epic poetry.  Callimachus was in accordance with the spirit of
the age when he proclaimed "a great book" to be "a great evil",
and sought to confine poetical activity within the narrowest
limits both of subject and space.  Theocritus agreed with him,
both in principle and practice.  The chief characteristics of
Alexandrianism are well summarized by Professor Robinson Ellis as
follows: "Precision in form and metre, refinement in diction, a
learning often degenerating into pedantry and obscurity, a
resolute avoidance of everything commonplace in subject,
sentiment or allusion."  These traits are more prominent in
Callimachus than in Apollonius, but they are certainly to be seen
in the latter.  He seems to have written the "Argonautica" out of
bravado, to show that he could write an epic poem.  But the
influence of the age was too strong.  Instead of the unity of an
Epic we have merely a series of episodes, and it is the great
beauty and power of one of these episodes that gives the poem its
permanent value--the episode of the love of Jason and Medea.
This occupies the greater part of the third book.  The first and
second books are taken up with the history of the voyage to
Colchis, while the fourth book describes the return voyage. 
These portions constitute a metrical guide book, filled no doubt
with many pleasing episodes, such as the rape of Hylas, the
boxing match between Pollux and Amyeus, the account of Cyzicus,
the account of the Amazons, the legend of Talos, but there is no
unity running through the poem beyond that of the voyage itself.

The Tale of the Argonauts had been told often before in verse and
prose, and many authors' names are given in the Scholia to
Apollonius, but their works have perished.  The best known
earlier account that we have is that in Pindar's fourth Pythian
ode, from which Apollonius has taken many details.  The subject
was one for an epic poem, for its unity might have been found in
the working out of the expiation due for the crime of Athamas;
but this motive is barely mentioned by our author.

As we have it, the motive of the voyage is the command of Pelias
to bring back the golden fleece, and this command is based on
Pelias' desire to destroy Jason, while the divine aid given to
Jason results from the intention of Hera to punish Pelias for his
neglect of the honour due to her.  The learning of Apollonius is
not deep but it is curious; his general sentiments are not
according to the Alexandrian standard, for they are simple and
obvious.  In the mass of material from which he had to choose the
difficulty was to know what to omit, and much skill is shown in
fusing into a tolerably harmonious whole conflicting mythological
and historical details.  He interweaves with his narrative local
legends and the founding of cities, accounts of strange customs,
descriptions of works of art, such as that of Ganymede and Eros
playing with knucklebones, (3) but prosaically calls himself back
to the point from these pleasing digressions by such an
expression as "but this would take me too far from my song."  His
business is the straightforward tale and nothing else.  The
astonishing geography of the fourth book reminds us of the
interest of the age in that subject, stimulated no doubt by the
researches of Eratosthenes and others.

The language is that of the conventional epic.  Apollonius seems
to have carefully studied Homeric glosses, and gives many
examples of isolated uses, but his choice of words is by no means
limited to Homer.  He freely avails himself of Alexandrian words
and late uses of Homeric words.  Among his contemporaries
Apollonius suffers from a comparison with Theocritus, who was a
little his senior, but he was much admired by Roman writers who
derived inspiration from the great classical writers of Greece by
way of Alexandria.  In fact Alexandria was a useful bridge
between Athens and Rome.  The "Argonautica" was translated by
Varro Atacinus, copied by Ovid and Virgil, and minutely studied
by Valerius Flaccus in his poem of the same name.  Some of his
finest passages have been appropriated and improved upon by
Virgil by the divine right of superior genius. (4)  The subject
of love had been treated in the romantic spirit before the time
of Apollonius in writings that have perished, for instance, in
those of Antimachus of Colophon, but the "Argonautica" is perhaps
the first poem still extant in which the expression of this
spirit is developed with elaboration.  The Medea of Apollonius is
the direct precursor of the Dido of Virgil, and it is the pathos
and passion of the fourth book of the "Aeneid" that keep alive
many a passage of Apollonius.


ENDNOTES:
(1)  "Or of Naucratis", according to Aelian and Athenaeus.
(2)  Anth. Pal. xl. 275.
(3)  iii. 117-124.
(4)  e.g. compare "Aen." iv. 305 foll. with Ap. Rh. iv. 355
     foll.; "Aen." iv. 327-330 with Ap. Rh. I. 897, 898; "Aen."
     iv. 522 foll., with Ap. Rh. iii. 744 foll.



THE ARGONAUTICA

BOOK I

(ll. 1-4)  Beginning with thee, O Phoebus, I will recount the
famous deeds of men of old, who, at the behest of King Pelias,
down through the mouth of Pontus and between the Cyanean rocks,
sped well-benched Argo in quest of the golden fleece.

(ll. 5-17)  Such was the oracle that Pelias heard, that a hateful
doom awaited him to be slain at the prompting of the man whom he
should see coming forth from the people with but one sandal.  And
no long time after, in accordance with that true report, Jason
crossed the stream of wintry Anaurus on foot, and saved one
sandal from the mire, but the other he left in the depths held
back by the flood.  And straightway he came to Pelias to share
the banquet which the king was offering to his father Poseidon
and the rest of the gods, though he paid no honour to Pelasgian
Hera.  Quickly the king saw him and pondered, and devised for him
the toil of a troublous voyage, in order that on the sea or among
strangers he might lose his home-return.

(ll. 18-22)  The ship, as former bards relate, Argus wrought by
the guidance of Athena.  But now I will tell the lineage and the
names of the heroes, and of the long sea-paths and the deeds they
wrought in their wanderings; may the Muses be the inspirers of my
song!

(ll. 23-34)  First then let us name Orpheus whom once Calliope
bare, it is said, wedded to Thracian Oeagrus, near the Pimpleian
height.  Men say that he by the music of his songs charmed the
stubborn rocks upon the mountains and the course of rivers.  And
the wild oak-trees to this day, tokens of that magic strain, that
grow at Zone on the Thracian shore, stand in ordered ranks close
together, the same which under the charm of his lyre he led down
from Pieria.  Such then was Orpheus whom Aeson's son welcomed to
share his toils, in obedience to the behest of Cheiron, Orpheus
ruler of Bistonian Pieria.

(ll. 35-39)  Straightway came Asterion, whom Cometes begat by the
waters of eddying Apidanus; he dwelt at Peiresiae near the
Phylleian mount, where mighty Apidanus and bright Enipeus join
their streams, coming together from afar.

(ll. 40-44)  Next to them from Larisa came Polyphemus, son of
Eilatus, who aforetime among the mighty Lapithae, when they were
arming themselves against the Centaurs, fought in his younger
days; now his limbs were grown heavy with age, but his martial
spirit still remained, even as of old.

(ll. 45-48)  Nor was Iphiclus long left behind in Phylace, the
uncle of Aeson's son; for Aeson had wedded his sister Alcimede,
daughter of Phylacus: his kinship with her bade him be numbered
in the host.

(ll. 49-50)  Nor did Admetus, the lord of Pherae rich in sheep,
stay behind beneath the peak of the Chalcodonian mount.

(ll. 51-56)  Nor at Alope stayed the sons of Hermes, rich in
corn-land, well skilled in craftiness, Erytus and Echion, and
with them on their departure their kinsman Aethalides went as the
third; him near the streams of Amphrysus Eupolemeia bare, the
daughter of Myrmidon, from Phthia; the two others were sprung
from Antianeira, daughter of Menetes.

(ll. 57-64)  From rich Gyrton came Coronus, son of Caeneus,
brave, but not braver than his father.  For bards relate that
Caeneus though still living perished at the hands of the
Centaurs, when apart from other chiefs he routed them; and they,
rallying against him, could neither bend nor slay him; but
unconquered and unflinching he passed beneath the earth,
overwhelmed by the downrush of massy pines.

(ll. 65-68)  There came too Titaresian Mopsus, whom above all men
the son of Leto taught the augury of birds; and Eurydamas the son
of Ctimenus; he dwelt at Dolopian Ctimene near the Xynian lake.

(ll. 69-70)  Moreover Actor sent his son Menoetius from Opus that
he might accompany the chiefs.

(ll. 71-76)  Eurytion followed and strong Eribotes, one the son
of Teleon, the other of Irus, Actor's son; the son of Teleon
renowned Eribotes, and of Irus Eurytion.  A third with them was
Oileus, peerless in courage and well skilled to attack the flying
foe, when they break their ranks.

(ll. 77-85)  Now from Euboea came Canthus eager for the quest,
whom Canethus son of Abas sent; but he was not destined to return
to Cerinthus.  For fate had ordained that he and Mopsus, skilled
in the seer's art, should wander and perish in the furthest ends
of Libya.  For no ill is too remote for mortals to incur, seeing
that they buried them in Libya, as far from the Colchians as is
the space that is seen between the setting and the rising of the
sun.

(ll. 86-89)  To him Clytius and Iphitus joined themselves, the
warders of Oechalia, sons of Eurytus the ruthless, Eurytus, to
whom the Far-shooting god gave his bow; but he had no joy of the
gift; for of his own choice he strove even with the giver.

(ll. 90-94)  After them came the sons of Aeacus, not both
together, nor from the same spot; for they settled far from
Aegina in exile, when in their folly they had slain their brother
Phoeus.  Telamon dwelt in the Attic island; but Peleus departed
and made his home in Phthia.

(ll. 95-104)  After them from Cecropia came warlike Butes, son of
brave Teleon, and Phalerus of the ashen spear.  Alcon his father
sent him forth; yet no other sons had he to care for his old age
and livelihood.  But him, his well-beloved and only son, he sent
forth that amid bold heroes he might shine conspicuous.  But
Theseus, who surpassed all the sons of Erechtheus, an unseen bond
kept beneath the land of Taenarus, for he had followed that path
with Peirithous; assuredly both would have lightened for all the
fulfilment of their toil.

(ll. 105-114)  Tiphys, son of Hagnias, left the Siphaean people
of the Thespians, well skilled to foretell the rising wave on the
broad sea, and well skilled to infer from sun and star the stormy
winds and the time for sailing.  Tritonian Athena herself urged
him to join the band of chiefs, and he came among them a welcome
comrade.  She herself too fashioned the swift ship; and with her
Argus, son of Arestor, wrought it by her counsels.  Wherefore it
proved the most excellent of all ships that have made trial of
the sea with oars.

(ll. 115-117)  After them came Phlias from Araethyrea, where he
dwelt in affluence by the favour of his father Dionysus, in his
home by the springs of Asopus.

(ll. 118-121)  From Argos came Talaus and Areius, sons of Bias,
and mighty Leodocus, all of whom Pero daughter of Neleus bare; on
her account the Aeolid Melampus endured sore affliction in the
steading of Iphiclus.

(ll. 122-132)  Nor do we learn that Heracles of the mighty heart
disregarded the eager summons of Aeson's son.  But when he heard
a report of the heroes' gathering and had reached Lyrceian Argos
from Arcadia by the road along which he carried the boar alive
that fed in the thickets of Lampeia, near the vast Erymanthian
swamp, the boar bound with chains he put down from his huge
shoulders at the entrance to the market-place of Mycenae; and
himself of his own will set out against the purpose of
Eurystheus; and with him went Hylas, a brave comrade, in the
flower of youth, to bear his arrows and to guard his bow.

(ll. 133-138)  Next to him came a scion of the race of divine
Danaus, Nauplius.  He was the son of Clytonaeus son of Naubolus;
Naubolus was son of Lernus; Lernus we know was the son of Proetus
son of Nauplius; and once Amymone daughter of Danaus, wedded to
Poseidon, bare Nauplius, who surpassed all men in naval skill.

(ll. 139-145)  Idmon came last of all them that dwelt at Argos,
for though he had learnt his own fate by augury, he came, that
the people might not grudge him fair renown.  He was not in truth
the son of Abas, but Leto's son himself begat him to be numbered
among the illustrious Aeolids; and himself taught him the art of
prophecy--to pay heed to birds and to observe the signs of the
burning sacrifice.

(ll. 146-150)  Moreover Aetolian Leda sent from Sparta strong
Polydeuces and Castor, skilled to guide swift-footed steeds;
these her dearly-loved sons she bare at one birth in the house of
Tyndareus; nor did she forbid their departure; for she had
thoughts worthy of the bride of Zeus.

(ll. 151-155)  The sons of Aphareus, Lynceus and proud Idas, came
from Arene, both exulting in their great strength; and Lynceus
too excelled in keenest sight, if the report is true that that
hero could easily direct his sight even beneath the earth.

(ll. 156-160)  And with them Neleian Periclymenus set out to
come, eldest of all the sons of godlike Neleus who were born at
Pylos; Poseidon had given him boundless strength and granted him
that whatever shape he should crave during the fight, that he
should take in the stress of battle.

(ll. 161-171)  Moreover from Arcadia came Amphidamas and Cepheus,
who inhabited Tegea and the allotment of Apheidas, two sons of
Aldus; and Ancaeus followed them as the third, whom his father
Lycurgus sent, the brother older than both.  But he was left in
the city to care for Aleus now growing old, while he gave his son
to join his brothers.  Antaeus went clad in the skin of a
Maenalian bear, and wielding in his right hand a huge two-edged
battleaxe.  For his armour his grandsire had hidden in the
house's innermost recess, to see if he might by some means still
stay his departure.

(ll. 172-175)  There came also Augeias, whom fame declared to be
the son of Helios; he reigned over the Eleans, glorying in his
wealth; and greatly he desired to behold the Colchian land and
Aeetes himself the ruler of the Colchians.

(ll. 176-178)  Asterius and Amphion, sons of Hyperasius, came
from Achaean Pellene, which once Pelles their grandsire founded
on the brows of Aegialus.

(ll. 179-184)  After them from Taenarus came Euphemus whom, most
swift-footed of men, Europe, daughter of mighty Tityos, bare to
Poseidon.  He was wont to skim the swell of the grey sea, and
wetted not his swift feet, but just dipping the tips of his toes
was borne on the watery path.

(ll. 185-189)  Yea, and two other sons of Poseidon came; one
Erginus, who left the citadel of glorious Miletus, the other
proud Ancaeus, who left Parthenia, the seat of Imbrasion Hera;
both boasted their skill in seacraft and in war.

(ll. 190-201)  After them from Calydon came the son of Oeneus,
strong Meleagrus, and Laocoon--Laocoon the brother of Oeneus,
though not by the same mother, for a serving-woman bare him; him,
now growing old, Oeneus sent to guard his son: thus Meleagrus,
still a youth, entered the bold band of heroes.  No other had
come superior to him, I ween, except Heracles, if for one year
more he had tarried and been nurtured among the Aetolians.  Yea,
and his uncle, well skilled to fight whether with the javelin or
hand to hand, Iphiclus son of Thestius, bare him company on his
way.

(ll. 202-206)  With him came Palaemonius, son of Olenian Lernus,
of Lernus by repute, but his birth was from Hephaestus; and so he
was crippled in his feet, but his bodily frame and his valour no
one would dare to scorn.  Wherefore he was numbered among all the
chiefs, winning fame for Jason.

(ll. 207-210)  From the Phocians came Iphitus sprung from
Naubolus son of Ornytus; once he had been his host when Jason
went to Pytho to ask for a response concerning his voyage; for
there he welcomed him in his own hails.

(ll. 211-223)  Next came Zetes and Calais, sons of Boreas, whom
once Oreithyia, daughter of Erechtheus, bare to Boreas on the
verge of wintry Thrace; thither it was that Thracian Boreas
snatched her away from Cecropia as she was whirling in the dance,
hard by Hissus' stream.  And, carrying her far off, to the spot
that men called the rock of Sarpedon, near the river Erginus, he
wrapped her in dark clouds and forced her to his will.  There
they were making their dusky wings quiver upon their ankles on
both sides as they rose, a great wonder to behold, wings that
gleamed with golden scales: and round their backs from the top of
the head and neck, hither and thither, their dark tresses were
being shaken by the wind.

(ll. 224-227)  No, nor had Acastus son of mighty Pelias himself
any will to stay behind in the palace of his brave sire, nor
Argus, helper of the goddess Athena; but they too were ready to
be numbered in the host.

(ll. 228-233)  So many then were the helpers who assembled to
join the son of Aeson.  All the chiefs the dwellers thereabout
called Minyae, for the most and the bravest avowed that they were
sprung from the blood of the daughters of Minyas; thus Jason
himself was the son of Alcimede who was born of Clymene the
daughter of Minyas.

(ll. 234-241)  Now when all things had been made ready by the
thralls, all things that fully-equipped ships are furnished
withal when men's business leads them to voyage across the sea,
then the heroes took their way through the city to the ship where
it lay on the strand that men call Magnesian Pagasae; and a crowd
of people hastening rushed together; but the heroes shone like
gleaming stars among the clouds; and each man as he saw them
speeding along with their armour would say:

(ll. 242-246)  "King Zeus, what is the purpose of Pelias? 
Whither is he driving forth from the Panachaean land so great a
host of heroes?  On one day they would waste the palace of Aeetes
with baleful fire, should he not yield them the fleece of his own
goodwill.  But the path is not to be shunned, the toil is hard
for those who venture."

(ll. 247-250)  Thus they spake here and there throughout the
city; but the women often raised their hands to the sky in prayer
to the immortals to grant a return, their hearts' desire.  And
one with tears thus lamented to her fellow:

(ll. 251-260)  "Wretched Alcimede, evil has come to thee at last
though late, thou hast not ended with splendour of life.  Aeson
too, ill-fated man!  Surely better had it been for him, if he
were lying beneath the earth, enveloped in his shroud, still
unconscious of bitter toils.  Would that the dark wave, when the
maiden Helle perished, had overwhelmed Phrixus too with the ram;
but the dire portent even sent forth a human voice, that it might
cause to Alcimede sorrows and countless pains hereafter."

(ll. 261-277)  Thus the women spake at the departure of the
heroes.  And now many thralls, men and women, were gathered
together, and his mother, smitten with grief for Jason.  And a
bitter pang seized every woman's heart; and with them groaned the
father in baleful old age, lying on his bed, closely wrapped
round.  But the hero straightway soothed their pain, encouraging
them, and bade the thralls take up his weapons for war; and they
in silence with downcast looks took them up.  And even as the
mother had thrown her arms about her son, so she clung, weeping
without stint, as a maiden all alone weeps, falling fondly on the
neck of her hoary nurse, a maid who has now no others to care for
her, but she drags on a weary life under a stepmother, who
maltreats her continually with ever fresh insults, and as she
weeps, her heart within her is bound fast with misery, nor can
she sob forth all the groans that struggle for utterance; so
without stint wept Alcimede straining her son in her arms, and in
her yearning grief spake as follows:

(ll. 278-291)  "Would that on that day when, wretched woman that
I am, I heard King Pelias proclaim his evil behest, I had
straightway given up my life and forgotten my cares, so that thou
thyself, my son, with thine own hands, mightest have buried me;
for that was the only wish left me still to be fulfilled by time,
all the other rewards for thy nurture have I long enjoyed.  Now
I, once so admired among Achaean women, shall be left behind like
a bondwoman in my empty halls, pining away, ill-fated one, for
love of thee, thee on whose account I had aforetime so much
splendour and renown, my only son for whom I loosed my virgin
zone first and last.  For to me beyond others the goddess
Eileithyia grudged abundant offspring.  Alas for my folly!  Not
once, not even in nay dreams did I forebode this, that the flight
of Phrixus would bring me woe."

(ll. 292-294)  Thus with moaning she wept, and her handmaidens,
standing by, lamented; but Jason spake gently to her with
comforting words:

(ll. 295-305)  "Do not, I pray thee, mother, store up bitter
sorrows overmuch, for thou wilt not redeem me from evil by tears,
but wilt still add grief to grief.  For unseen are the woes that
the gods mete out to mortals; be strong to endure thy share of
them though with grief in thy heart; take courage from the
promises of Athena, and from the answers of the gods (for very
favourable oracles has Phoebus given), and then from the help of
the chieftains.  But do thou remain here, quiet among thy
handmaids, and be not a bird of ill omen to the ship; and thither
my clansmen and thralls will follow me."

(ll. 306-316)  He spake, and started forth to leave the house.
And as Apollo goes forth from some fragrant shrine to divine
Delos or Claros or Pytho or to broad Lyeia near the stream of
Xanthus, in such beauty moved Jason through the throng of people;
and a cry arose as they shouted together.  And there met him aged
Iphias, priestess of Artemis guardian of the city, and kissed his
right hand, but she had not strength to say a word, for all her
eagerness, as the crowd rushed on, but she was left there by the
wayside, as the old are left by the young, and he passed on and
was gone afar.

(ll. 317-331)  Now when he had left the well-built streets of the
city, he came to the beach of Pagasae, where his comrades greeted
him as they stayed together near the ship Argo.  And he stood at
the entering in, and they were gathered to meet him.  And they
perceived Aeastus and Argus coming from the city, and they
marvelled when they saw them hasting with all speed, despite the
will of Pelias.  The one, Argus, son of Arestor, had cast round
his shoulders the hide of a bull reaching to his feet, with the
black hair upon it, the other, a fair mantle of double fold,
which his sister Pelopeia had given him.  Still Jason forebore
from asking them about each point but bade all be seated for an
assembly.  And there, upon the folded sails and the mast as it
lay on the ground, they all took their seats in order.  And among
them with goodwill spake Aeson's son:

(ll. 332-340)  "All the equipment that a ship needs for all is in
due order--lies ready for our departure.  Therefore we will
make no long delay in our sailing for these things' sake, when
the breezes but blow fair.  But, friends,--for common to all is
our return to Hellas hereafter, and common to all is our path to
the land of Aeetes--now therefore with ungrudging heart choose
the bravest to be our leader, who shall be careful for
everything, to take upon him our quarrels and covenants with
strangers."

(ll. 341-344)  Thus he spake; and the young heroes turned their
eyes towards bold Heracles sitting in their midst, and with one
shout they all enjoined upon him to be their leader; but he, from
the place where he sat, stretched forth his right hand and said:

(ll. 345-347)  "Let no one offer this honour to me.  For I will
not consent, and I will forbid any other to stand up.  Let the
hero who brought us together, himself be the leader of the host."

(ll. 348-350)  Thus he spake with high thoughts, and they
assented, as Heracles bade; and warlike Jason himself rose up,
glad at heart, and thus addressed the eager throng:

(ll. 351-362)  "If ye entrust your glory to my care, no longer as
before let our path be hindered.  Now at last let us propitiate
Phoebus with sacrifice and straightway prepare a feast.  And
until my thralls come, the overseers of my steading, whose care
it is to choose out oxen from the herd and drive them hither, we
will drag down the ship to the sea, and do ye place all the
tackling within, and draw lots for the benches for rowing.
Meantime let us build upon the beach an altar to Apollo Embasius
(1) who by an oracle promised to point out and show me the paths
of the sea, if by sacrifice to him I should begin my venture for
King Pelias."

(ll. 363-393)  He spake, and was the first to turn to the work,
and they stood up in obedience to him; and they heaped their
garments, one upon the other, on a smooth stone, which the sea
did not strike with its waves, but the stormy surge had cleansed
it long before.  First of all, by the command of Argus, they
strongly girded the ship with a rope well twisted within, (2)
stretching it tight on each side, in order that the planks might
be well compacted by the bolts and might withstand the opposing
force of the surge.  And they quickly dug a trench as wide as the
space the ship covered, and at the prow as far into the sea as it
would run when drawn down by their hands.  And they ever dug
deeper in front of the stem, and in the furrow laid polished
rollers; and inclined the ship down upon the first rollers, that
so she might glide and be borne on by them.  And above, on both
sides, reversing the oars, they fastened them round the thole-
pins, so as to project a cubit's space.  And the heroes
themselves stood on both sides at the oars in a row, and pushed
forward with chest and hand at once.  And then Tiphys leapt on
board to urge the youths to push at the right moment; and calling
on them he shouted loudly; and they at once, leaning with all
their strength, with one push started the ship from her place,
and strained with their feet, forcing her onward; and Pelian Argo
followed swiftly; and they on each side shouted as they rushed
on.  And then the rollers groaned under the sturdy keel as they
were chafed, and round them rose up a dark smoke owing to the
weight, and she glided into the sea; but the heroes stood there
and kept dragging her back as she sped onward.  And round the
thole-pins they fitted the oars, and in the ship they placed the
mast and the well-made sails and the stores.

(ll. 394-401)  Now when they had carefully paid heed to
everything, first they distributed the benches by lot, two men
occupying one seat; but the middle bench they chose for Heracles
and Ancaeus apart from the other heroes, Ancaeus who dwelt in
Tegea.  For them alone they left the middle bench just as it was
and not by lot; and with one consent they entrusted Tiphys with
guarding the helm of the well-stemmed ship.

(ll. 402-410)  Next, piling up shingle near the sea, they raised
there an altar on the shore to Apollo, under the name of Actius
(3) and Embasius, and quickly spread above it logs of dried
olive-wood.  Meantime the herdsmen of Aeson's son had driven
before them from the herd two steers.  These the younger comrades
dragged near the altars, and the others brought lustral water and
barley meal, and Jason prayed, calling on Apollo the god of his
fathers:

(ll. 411-424)  "Hear, O King, that dwellest in Pagasae and the
city Aesonis, the city called by my father's name, thou who didst
promise me, when I sought thy oracle at Pytho, to show the
fulfilment and goal of my journey, for thou thyself hast been the
cause of my venture; now do thou thyself guide the ship with my
comrades safe and sound, thither and back again to Hellas.  Then
in thy honour hereafter we will lay again on thy altar the bright
offerings of bulls--all of us who return; and other gifts in
countless numbers I will bring to Pytho and Ortygia.  And now,
come, Far-darter, accept this sacrifice at our hands, which first
of all we have offered thee for this ship on our embarcation; and
grant, O King, that with a prosperous weird I may loose the
hawsers, relying on thy counsel, and may the breeze blow softly
with which we shall sail over the sea in fair weather."

(ll. 425-439)  He spake, and with his prayer cast the barley
meal.  And they two girded themselves to slay the steers, proud
Ancaeus and Heracles.  The latter with his club smote one steer
mid-head on the brow, and falling in a heap on the spot, it sank
to the ground; and Ancaeus struck the broad neck of the other
with his axe of bronze, and shore through the mighty sinews; and
it fell prone on both its horns.  Their comrades quickly severed
the victims' throats, and flayed the hides: they sundered the
joints and carved the flesh, then cut out the sacred thigh bones,
and covering them all together closely with fat burnt them upon
cloven wood.  And Aeson's son poured out pure libations, and
Idmon rejoiced beholding the flame as it gleamed on every side
from the sacrifice, and the smoke of it mounting up with good
omen in dark spiral columns; and quickly he spake outright the
will of Leto's son:

(ll. 440-447)  "For you it is the will of heaven and destiny that
ye shall return here with the fleece; but meanwhile both going
and returning, countless trials await you.  But it is my lot, by
the hateful decree of a god, to die somewhere afar off on the
mainland of Asia.  Thus, though I learnt my fate from evil omens
even before now, I have left my fatherland to embark on the ship,
that so after my embarking fair fame may be left me in my house."

(ll. 448-462)  Thus he spake; and the youths hearing the divine
utterance rejoiced at their return, but grief seized them for the
fate of Idmon.  Now at the hour when the sun passes his noon-tide
halt and the ploughlands are just being shadowed by the rocks, as
the sun slopes towards the evening dusk, at that hour all the
heroes spread leaves thickly upon the sand and lay down in rows
in front of the hoary surf-line; and near them were spread vast
stores of viands and sweet wine, which the cupbearers had drawn
off in pitchers; afterwards they told tales one to another in
turn, such as youths often tell when at the feast and the bowl
they take delightful pastime, and insatiable insolence is far
away.  But here the son of Aeson, all helpless, was brooding over
each event in his mind, like one oppressed with thought.  And
Idas noted him and assailed him with loud voice:

(ll. 463-471)  "Son of Aeson, what is this plan thou art turning
over in mind.  Speak out thy thought in the midst.  Does fear
come on and master thee, fear, that confounds cowards?  Be
witness now my impetuous spear, wherewith in wars I win renown
beyond all others (nor does Zeus aid me so much as my own spear),
that no woe will be fatal, no venture will be unachieved, while
Idas follows, even though a god should oppose thee.  Such a
helpmeet am I that thou bringest from Arene."

(ll. 472-475)  He spake, and holding a brimming goblet in both
hands drank off the unmixed sweet wine; and his lips and dark
cheeks were drenched with it; and all the heroes clamoured
together and Idmon spoke out openly:

(ll. 480-484)  "Vain wretch, thou art devising destruction for
thyself before the time.  Does the pure wine cause thy bold heart
to swell in thy breast to thy ruin, and has it set thee on to
dishonour the gods?  Other words of comfort there are with which
a man might encourage his comrade; but thou hast spoken with
utter recklessness.  Such taunts, the tale goes, did the sons of
Aloeus once blurt out against the blessed gods, and thou dost no
wise equal them in valour; nevertheless they were both slain by
the swift arrows of Leto's son, mighty though they were."

(ll. 485-486)  Thus he spake, and Aphareian Iclas laughed out,
loud and long, and eyeing him askance replied with biting words:

(ll. 487-491)  "Come now, tell me this by thy prophetic art,
whether for me too the gods will bring to pass such doom as thy
father promised for the sons of Aloeus.  And bethink thee how
thou wilt escape from my hands alive, if thou art caught making a
prophecy vain as the idle wind."

(ll. 492-495)  Thus in wrath Idas reviled him, and the strife
would have gone further had not their comrades and Aeson's son
himself with indignant cry restrained the contending chiefs; and
Orpheus lifted his lyre in his left hand and made essay to sing.

(ll. 496-511)  He sang how the earth, the heaven and the sea,
once mingled together in one form, after deadly strife were
separated each from other; and how the stars and the moon and the
paths of the sun ever keep their fixed place in the sky; and how
the mountains rose, and how the resounding rivers with their
nymphs came into being and all creeping things.  And he sang how
first of all Ophion and Eurynome, daughter of Ocean, held the
sway of snowy Olympus, and how through strength of arm one
yielded his prerogative to Cronos and the other to Rhea, and how
they fell into the waves of Ocean; but the other two meanwhile
ruled over the blessed Titan-gods, while Zeus, still a child and
with the thoughts of a child, dwelt in the Dictaean cave; and the
earthborn Cyclopes had not yet armed him with the bolt, with
thunder and lightning; for these things give renown to Zeus.

(ll. 512-518)  He ended, and stayed his lyre and divine voice.
But though he had ceased they still bent forward with eagerness
all hushed to quiet, with ears intent on the enchanting strain;
such a charm of song had he left behind in their hearts.  Not
long after they mixed libations in honour of Zeus, with pious
rites as is customary, and poured them upon the burning tongues,
and bethought them of sleep in the darkness.

(ll. 519-558)  Now when gleaming dawn with bright eyes beheld the
lofty peaks of Pelion, and the calm headlands were being drenched
as the sea was ruffled by the winds, then Tiphys awoke from
sleep; and at once he roused his comrades to go on board and make
ready the oars.  And a strange cry did the harbour of Pagasae
utter, yea and Pelian Argo herself, urging them to set forth. 
For in her a beam divine had been laid which Athena had brought
from an oak of Dodona and fitted in the middle of the stem.  And
the heroes went to the benches one after the other, as they had
previously assigned for each to row in his place, and took their
seats in due order near their fighting gear.  In the middle sat
Antaeus and mighty Heracles, and near him he laid his club, and
beneath his tread the ship's keel sank deep.  And now the hawsers
were being slipped and they poured wine on the sea.  But Jason
with tears held his eyes away from his fatherland.  And just as
youths set up a dance in honour of Phoebus either in Pytho or
haply in Ortygia, or by the waters of Ismenus, and to the sound
of the lyre round his altar all together in time beat the earth
with swiftly-moving feet; so they to the sound of Orpheus' lyre
smote with their oars the rushing sea-water, and the surge broke
over the blades; and on this side and on that the dark brine
seethed with foam, boiling terribly through the might of the
sturdy heroes.  And their arms shone in the sun like flame as the
ship sped on; and ever their wake gleamed white far behind, like
a path seen over a green plain.  On that day all the gods looked
down from heaven upon the ship and the might of the heroes, half-
divine, the bravest of men then sailing the sea; and on the
topmost heights the nymphs of Pelion wondered as they beheld the
work of Itonian Athena, and the heroes themselves wielding the
oars.  And there came down from the mountain-top to the sea
Chiron, son of Philyra, and where the white surf broke he dipped
his feet, and, often waving with his broad hand, cried out to
them at their departure, "Good speed and a sorrowless home-
return!"  And with him his wife, bearing Peleus' son Achilles on
her arm, showed the child to his dear father.

(ll. 559-579)  Now when they had left the curving shore of the
harbour through the cunning and counsel of prudent Tiphys son of
Hagnias, who skilfully handled the well-polished helm that he
might guide them steadfastly, then at length they set up the tall
mast in the mastbox, and secured it with forestays, drawing them
taut on each side, and from it they let down the sail when they
had hauled it to the top-mast.  And a breeze came down piping
shrilly; and upon the deck they fastened the ropes separately
round the well-polished pins, and ran quietly past the long
Tisaean headland.  And for them the son of Oeagrus touched his
lyre and sang in rhythmical song of Artemis, saviour of ships,
child of a glorious sire, who hath in her keeping those peaks by
the sea, and the land of Iolcos; and the fishes came darting
through the deep sea, great mixed with small, and followed
gambolling along the watery paths.  And as when in the track of
the shepherd, their master, countless sheep follow to the fold
that have fed to the full of grass, and he goes before gaily
piping a shepherd's strain on Iris shrill reed; so these fishes
followed; and a chasing breeze ever bore the ship onward.

(ll. 580-591)  And straightway the misty land of the Pelasgians,
rich in cornfields, sank out of sight, and ever speeding onward
they passed the rugged sides of Pelion; and the Sepian headland
sank away, and Sciathus appeared in the sea, and far off appeared
Piresiae and the calm shore of Magnesia on the mainland and the
tomb of Dolops; here then in the evening, as the wind blew
against them, they put to land, and paying honour to him at
nightfall burnt sheep as victims, while the sea was tossed by
the swell: and for two days they lingered on the shore, but on
the third day they put forth the ship, spreading on high the
broad sail.  And even now men call that beach Aphetae (4) of
Argo.

(ll. 592-608)  Thence going forward they ran past Meliboea,
escaping a stormy beach and surf-line.  And in the morning they
saw Homole close at hand leaning on the sea, and skirted it, and
not long after they were about to pass by the outfall of the
river Amyrus.  From there they beheld Eurymenae and the seawashed
ravines of Ossa and Olympus; next they reached the slopes of
Pallene, beyond the headland of Canastra, running all night with
the wind.  And at dawn before them as they journeyed rose Athos,
the Thracian mountain, which with its topmost peak overshadows
Lemnos, even as far as Myrine, though it lies as far off as the
space that a well-trimmed merchantship would traverse up to
mid-day.  For them on that day, till darkness fell, the breeze
blew exceedingly fresh, and the sails of the ship strained to it.
But with the setting of the sun the wind left them, and it was by
the oars that they reached Lemnos, the Sintian isle.

(ll. 609-639)  Here the whole of the men of the people together
had been ruthlessly slain through the transgressions of the women
in the year gone by.  For the men had rejected their lawful
wives, loathing them, and had conceived a fierce passion for
captive maids whom they themselves brought across the sea from
their forays in Thrace; for the terrible wrath of Cypris came
upon them, because for a long time they had grudged her the
honours due.  O hapless women, and insatiate in jealousy to their
own ruin!  Not their husbands alone with the captives did they
slay on account of the marriage-bed, but all the males at the
same time, that they might thereafter pay no retribution for the
grim murder.  And of all the women, Hypsipyle alone spared her
aged father Thoas, who was king over the people; and she sent him
in a hollow chest, to drift over the sea, if haply he should
escape.  And fishermen dragged him to shore at the island of
Oenoe, formerly Oenoe, but afterwards called Sicinus from
Sicinus, whom the water-nymph Oenoe bore to Thoas.  Now for all
the women to tend kine, to don armour of bronze, and to cleave
with the plough-share the wheat-bearing fields, was easier than
the works of Athena, with which they were busied aforetime.  Yet
for all that did they often gaze over the broad sea, in grievous
fear against the Thracians' coming.  So when they saw Argo being
rowed near the island, straightway crowding in multitude from the
gates of Myrine and clad in their harness of war, they poured
forth to the beach like ravening Thyiades: for they deemed that
the Thracians were come; and with them Hypsipyle, daughter of
Thoas, donned her father's harness.  And they streamed down
speechless with dismay; such fear was wafted about them.

(ll. 640-652)  Meantime from the ship the chiefs had sent
Aethalides the swift herald, to whose care they entrusted their
messages and the wand of Hermes, his sire, who had granted him a
memory of all things, that never grew dim; and not even now,
though he has entered the unspeakable whirlpools of Acheron, has
forgetfulness swept over his soul, but its fixed doom is to be
ever changing its abode; at one time to be numbered among the
dwellers beneath the earth, at another to be in the light of the
sun among living men.  But why need I tell at length tales of
Aethalides?  He at that time persuaded Hypsipyle to receive the
new-comers as the day was waning into darkness; nor yet at dawn
did they loose the ship's hawsers to the breath of the north
wind.

(ll. 653-656)  Now the Lemnian women fared through the city and
sat down to the assembly, for Hypsipyle herself had so bidden.
And when they were all gathered together in one great throng
straightway she spake among them with stirring words:

(ll. 657-666)  "O friends, come let us grant these men gifts to
their hearts' desire, such as it is fitting that they should take
on ship-board, food and sweet wine, in order that they may
steadfastly remain outside our towers, and may not, passing among
us for need's sake, get to know us all too well, and so an evil
report be widely spread; for we have wrought a terrible deed and
in nowise will it be to their liking, should they learn it.  Such
is our counsel now, but if any of you can devise a better plan
let her rise, for it was on this account that I summoned you
hither."

(ll. 667-674)  Thus she spake and sat upon her father's seat of
stone, and then rose up her dear nurse Polyxo, for very age
halting upon her withered feet, bowed over a staff, and she was
eager to address them.  Near her were seated four virgins,
unwedded, crowned with white hair.  And she stood in the midst of
the assembly and from her bent back she feebly raised her neck
and spake thus:

(ll. 675-696)  "Gifts, as Hypsipyle herself wishes, let us send
to the strangers, for it is better to give them.  But for you
what device have ye to get profit of your life if the Thracian
host fall upon us, or some other foe, as often happens among men,
even as now this company is come unforeseen?  But if one of the
blessed gods should turn this aside yet countless other woes,
worse than battle, remain behind, when the aged women die off and
ye younger ones, without children, reach hateful old age.  How
then will ye live, hapless ones?  Will your oxen of their own
accord yoke themselves for the deep plough-lands and draw the
earth-cleaving share through the fallow, and forthwith, as the
year comes round, reap the harvest?  Assuredly, though the fates
till now have shunned me in horror, I deem that in the coming
year I shall put on the garment of earth, when I have received my
meed of burial even so as is right, before the evil days draw
near.  But I bid you who are younger give good heed to this.  For
now at your feet a way of escape lies open, if ye trust to the
strangers the care of your homes and all your stock and your
glorious city."

(ll. 697-699) Thus she spake, and the assembly was filled with
clamour.  For the word pleased them.  And after her straightway
Hypsipyle rose up again, and thus spake in reply.

(ll. 700-701)  "If this purpose please you all, now will I even
send a messenger to the ship."

(ll. 702-707)  She spake and addressed Iphinoe close at hand:
"Go, Iphinoe, and beg yonder man, whoever it is that leads this
array, to come to our land that I may tell him a word that
pleases the heart of my people, and bid the men themselves, if
they wish, boldly enter the land and the city with friendly
intent."

(ll. 708-711)  She spake, and dismissed the assembly, and
thereafter started to return home.  And so Iphinoe came to the
Minyae; and they asked with what intent she had come among them.
And quickly she addressed her questioners with all speed in these
words:

(ll. 712-716) "The maiden Hypsipyle daughter of Thoas, sent me on
my way here to you, to summon the captain of your ship, whoever
he be, that she may tell him a word that pleases the heart of the
people, and she bids yourselves, if ye wish it, straightway enter
the land and the city with friendly intent."

(ll. 717-720)  Thus she spake and the speech of good omen pleased
all.  And they deemed that Thoas was dead and that his beloved
daughter Hypsipyle was queen, and quickly they sent Jason on his
way and themselves made ready to go.

(ll. 721-729)  Now he had buckled round his shoulders a purple
mantle of double fold, the work of the Tritonian goddess, which
Pallas had given him when she first laid the keel-props of the
ship Argo and taught him how to measure timbers with the rule.
More easily wouldst thou cast thy eyes upon the sun at its rising
than behold that blazing splendour.  For indeed in the middle the
fashion thereof was red, but at the ends it was all purple, and
on each margin many separate devices had been skilfully inwoven.

(ll. 730-734)  In it were the Cyclops seated at their
imperishable work, forging a thunderbolt for King Zeus; by now it
was almost finished in its brightness and still it wanted but one
ray, which they were beating out with their iron hammers as it
spurted forth a breath of raging flame.

(ll. 735-741)  In it too were the twin sons of Antiope, daughter
of Asopus, Amphion and Zethus, and Thebe still ungirt with towers
was lying near, whose foundations they were just then laying in
eager haste.  Zethus on his shoulders was lifting the peak of a
steep mountain, like a man toiling hard, and Amphion after him,
singing loud and clear on his golden lyre, moved on, and a rock
twice as large followed his footsteps.

(ll. 742-746)  Next in order had been wrought Cytherea with
drooping tresses, wielding the swift shield of Ares; and from her
shoulder to her left arm the fastening of her tunic was loosed
beneath her breast; and opposite in the shield of bronze her
image appeared clear to view as she stood.

(ll. 747-751)  And in it there was a well-wooded pasturage of
oxen; and about the oxen the Teleboae and the sons of Eleetryon
were fighting; the one party defending themselves, the others,
the Taphian raiders, longing to rob them; and the dewy meadow was
drenched with their blood, and the many were overmastering the
few herdsmen.

(ll. 752-758)  And therein were fashioned two chariots, racing,
and the one in front Pelops was guiding, as he shook the reins,
and with him was Hippodameia at his side, and in pursuit Myrtilus
urged his steeds, and with him Oenomaus had grasped his couched
spear, but fell as the axle swerved and broke in the nave, while
he was eager to pierce the back of Pelops.

(ll. 759-762)  And in it was wrought Phoebus Apollo, a stripling
not yet grown up, in the act of shooting at mighty Tityos who was
boldly dragging his mother by her veil, Tityos whom glorious
Elate bare, but Earth nursed him and gave him second birth.

(ll. 763-767)  And in it was Phrixus the Minyan as though he were
in very deed listening to the ram, while it was like one
speaking.  Beholding them thou wouldst be silent and wouldst
cheat thy soul with the hope of hearing some wise speech from
them, and long wouldst thou gaze with that hope.

(ll. 768-773)  Such then were the gifts of the Tritonian goddess
Athena.  And in his right hand Jason held a fardarting spear,
which Atalanta gave him once as a gift of hospitality in Maenalus
as she met him gladly; for she eagerly desired to follow on that
quest; but he himself of his own accord prevented the maid, for
he feared bitter strife on account of her love.

(ll. 774-792)  And he went on his way to the city like to a
bright star, which maidens, pent up in new-built chambers, behold
as it rises above their homes, and through the dark air it charms
their eyes with its fair red gleam and the maid rejoices,
love-sick for the youth who is far away amid strangers, for whom
her parents are keeping her to be his bride; like to that star
the hero trod the way to the city.  And when they had passed
within the gates and the city, the women of the people surged
behind them, delighting in the stranger, but he with his eyes
fixed on the ground fared straight on, till he reached the
glorious palace of Hypsipyle; and when he appeared the maids
opened the folding doors, fitted with well-fashioned panels. 
Here Iphinoe leading him quickly through a fair porch set him
upon a shining seat opposite her mistress, but Hypsipyle turned
her eyes aside and a blush covered her maiden cheeks, yet for all
her modesty she addressed him with crafty words:

(ll. 793-833)  "Stranger, why stay ye so long outside our towers?
for the city is not inhabited by the men, but they, as
sojourners, plough the wheat-bearing fields of the Thracian
mainland.  And I will tell out truly all our evil plight, that ye
yourselves too may know it well.  When my father Thoas reigned
over the citizens, then our folk starting from their homes used
to plunder from their ships the dwellings of the Thracians who
live opposite, and they brought back hither measureless booty and
maidens too.  But the counsel of the baneful goddess Cypris was
working out its accomplishment, who brought upon them soul
destroying infatuation.  For they hated their lawful wives, and,
yielding to their own mad folly, drove them from their homes; and
they took to their beds the captives of their spear, cruel ones.
Long in truth we endured it, if haply again, though late, they
might change their purpose, but ever the bitter woe grew,
twofold.  And the lawful children were being dishonoured in their
halls, and a bastard race was rising.  And thus unmarried maidens
and widowed mothers too wandered uncared for through the city; no
father heeded his daughter ever so little even though he should
see her done to death before his eyes at the hands of an insolent
step-dame, nor did sons, as before, defend their mother against
unseemly outrage; nor did brothers care at heart for their
sister.  But in their homes, in the dance, in the assembly and
the banquet all their thought was only for their captive maidens;
until some god put desperate courage in our hearts no more to
receive our lords on their return from Thrace within our towers
so that they might either heed the right or might depart and
begone elsewhither, they and their captives.  So they begged of
us all the male children that were left in the city and went back
to where even now they dwell on the snowy tilths of Thrace.  Do
ye therefore stay and settle with us; and shouldst thou desire to
dwell here, and this finds favour with thee, assuredly thou shalt
have the prerogative of my father Thoas; and I deem that thou
wilt not scorn our land at all; for it is deepsoiled beyond all
other islands that lie in the Aegaean sea.  But come now, return
to the ship and relate my words to thy comrades, and stay not
outside our city."

(ll. 834-835)  She spoke, glozing over the murder that had been
wrought upon the men; and Jason addressed her in answer:

(ll. 836-841)  "Hypsipyle, very dear to our hearts is the help we
shall meet with, which thou grantest to us who need thee.  And I
will return again to the city when I have told everything in
order due.  But let the sovereignty of the island be thine; it is
not in scorn I yield it up, but grievous trials urge me on."

(ll. 842-852)  He spake, and touched her right hand; and quickly
he turned to go back: and round him the young maids on every side
danced in countless numbers in their joy till he passed through
the gates.  And then they came to the shore in smooth-running
wains, bearing with them many gifts, when now he had related from
beginning to end the speech which Hypsipyle had spoken when she
summoned them; and the maids readily led the men back to their
homes for entertainment.  For Cypris stirred in them a sweet
desire, for the sake of Hephaestus of many counsels, in order
that Lemnos might be again inhabited by men and not be ruined.

(ll. 853-864)  Thereupon Aeson's son started to go to the royal
home of Hypsipyle; and the rest went each his way as chance took
them, all but Heracles; for he of his own will was left behind by
the ship and a few chosen comrades with him.  And straightway the
city rejoiced with dances and banquets, being filled with the
steam of sacrifice; and above all the immortals they propitiated
with songs and sacrifices the illustrious son of Hera and Cypris
herself.  And the sailing was ever delayed from one day to
another; and long would they have lingered there, had not
Heracles, gathering together his comrades apart from the women,
thus addressed them with reproachful words:

(ll. 865-874)  "Wretched men, does the murder of kindred keep us
from our native land?  Or is it in want of marriage that we have
come hither from thence, in scorn of our countrywomen?  Does it
please us to dwell here and plough the rich soil of Lemnos?  No
fair renown shall we win by thus tarrying so long with stranger
women; nor will some god seize and give us at our prayer a fleece
that moves of itself.  Let us then return each to his own; but
him leave ye to rest all day long in the embrace of Hypsipyle
until he has peopled Lemnos with men-children, and so there come
to him great glory."

(ll. 875-887)  Thus did he chide the band; but no one dared to
meet his eye or to utter a word in answer.  But just as they were
in the assembly they made ready their departure in all haste, and
the women came running towards them, when they knew their intent.
And as when bees hum round fair lilies pouring forth from their
hive in the rock, and all around the dewy meadow rejoices, and
they gather the sweet fruit, flitting from one to another; even
so the women eagerly poured forth clustering round the men with
loud lament, and greeted each one with hands and voice, praying
the blessed gods to grant him a safe return.  And so Hypsipyle
too prayed, seizing the hands of Aeson's son, and her tears
flowed for the loss of her lover:

(ll. 888-898)  "Go, and may heaven bring thee back again with thy
comrades unharmed, bearing to the king the golden fleece, even as
thou wilt and thy heart desireth; and this island and my father's
sceptre will be awaiting thee, if on thy return hereafter thou
shouldst choose to come hither again; and easily couldst thou
gather a countless host of men from other cities. But thou wilt
not have this desire, nor do I myself forbode that so it will be. 
Still remember Hypsipyle when thou art far away and when thou
hast returned; and leave me some word of bidding, which I will
gladly accomplish, if haply heaven shall grant me to be a
mother."

(ll. 899-909)  And Aeson's son in admiration thus replied:
"Hypsipyle, so may all these things prove propitious by the
favour of the blessed gods.  But do thou hold a nobler thought of
me, since by the grace of Pelias it is enough for me to dwell in
my native land; may the gods only release me from my toils.  But
if it is not my destiny to sail afar and return to the land of
Hellas, and if thou shouldst bear a male child, send him when
grown up to Pelasgian Iolcus, to heal the grief of my father and
mother if so be that he find them still living, in order that,
far away from the king, they may be cared for by their own hearth
in their home."

(ll. 910-921) He spake, and mounted the ship first of all; and so
the rest of the chiefs followed, and, sitting in order, seized
the oars; and Argus loosed for them the hawsers from under the
sea-beaten rock.  Whereupon they mightily smote the water with
their long oars, and in the evening by the injunctions of Orpheus
they touched at the island of Electra, (5) daughter of Atlas, in
order that by gentle initiation they might learn the rites that
may not be uttered, and so with greater safety sail over the
chilling sea.  Of these I will make no further mention; but I bid
farewell to the island itself and the indwelling deities, to whom
belong those mysteries, which it is not lawful for me to sing.

(ll. 922-935)  Thence did they row with eagerness over the depths
of the black Sea, having on the one side the land of the
Thracians, on the other Imbros on the south; and as the sun was
just setting they reached the foreland of the Chersonesus.  There
a strong south wind blew for them; and raising the sails to the
breeze they entered the swift stream of the maiden daughter of
Athamas; and at dawn the sea to the north was left behind and at
night they were coasting inside the Rhoeteian shore, with the
land of Ida on their right.  And leaving Dardania they directed
their course to Abydus, and after it they sailed past Percote and
the sandy beach of Abarnis and divine Pityeia.  And in that
night, as the ship sped on by sail and oar, they passed right
through the Hellespont dark-gleaming with eddies.

(ll. 936-960)  There is a lofty island inside the Propontis, a
short distance from the Phrygian mainland with its rich
cornfields, sloping to the sea, where an isthmus in front of the
mainland is flooded by the waves, so low does it lie.  And the
isthmus has double shores, and they lie beyond the river Aesepus,
and the inhabitants round about call the island the Mount of
Bears.  And insolent and fierce men dwell there, Earthborn, a
great marvel to the neighbours to behold; for each one has six
mighty hands to lift up, two from his sturdy shoulders, and four
below, fitting close to his terrible sides.  And about the
isthmus and the plain the Doliones had their dwelling, and over
them Cyzicus son of Aeneus was king, whom Aenete the daughter of
goodly Eusorus bare.  But these men the Earthborn monsters,
fearful though they were, in nowise harried, owing to the
protection of Poseidon; for from him had the Doliones first
sprung.  Thither Argo pressed on, driven by the winds of Thrace,
and the Fair haven received her as she sped.  There they cast
away their small anchorstone by the advice of Tiphys and left it
beneath a fountain, the fountain of Artaeie; and they took
another meet for their purpose, a heavy one; but the first,
according to the oracle of the Far-Darter, the Ionians, sons of
Neleus, in after days laid to be a sacred stone, as was right, in
the temple of Jasonian Athena.

(ll. 961-988)  Now the Doliones and Cyzicus himself all came
together to meet them with friendliness, and when they knew of
the quest and their lineage welcomed them with hospitality, and
persuaded them to row further and to fasten their ship's hawsers
at the city harbour.  Here they built an altar to Ecbasian Apollo
(6) and set it up on the beach, and gave heed to sacrifices.  And
the king of his own bounty gave them sweet wine and sheep in
their need; for he had heard a report that whenever a godlike
band of heroes should come, straightway he should meet it with
gentle words and should have no thought of war.  As with Jason,
the soft down was just blooming on his chin, nor yet had it been
his lot to rejoice in children, but still in his palace his wife
was untouched by the pangs of child-birth, the daughter of
Percosian Merops, fair-haired Cleite, whom lately by priceless
gifts he had brought from her father's home from the mainland
opposite.  But even so he left his chamber and bridal bed and
prepared a banquet among the strangers, casting all fears from
his heart.  And they questioned one another in turn.  Of them
would he learn the end of their voyage and the injunctions of
Pelias; while they enquired about the cities of the people round
and all the gulf of the wide Propontis; but further he could not
tell them for all their desire to learn.  In the morning they
climbed mighty Dindymum that they might themselves behold the
various paths of that sea; and they brought their ship from its
former anchorage to the harbour, Chytus; and the path they trod
is named the path of Jason.

(ll. 989-1011)  But the Earthborn men on the other side rushed
down from the mountain and with crags below blocked up the mouth
of vast Chytus towards the sea, like men lying in wait for a wild
beast within.  But there Heracles had been left behind with the
younger heroes and he quickly bent his back-springing bow against
the monsters and brought them to earth one after another; and
they in their turn raised huge ragged rocks and hurled them.  For
these dread monsters too, I ween, the goddess Hera, bride of
Zeus, had nurtured to be a trial for Heracles.  And therewithal
came the rest of the martial heroes returning to meet the foe
before they reached the height of outlook, and they fell to the
slaughter of the Earthborn, receiving them with arrows and spears
until they slew them all as they rushed fiercely to battle.  And
as when woodcutters cast in rows upon the beach long trees just
hewn down by their axes, in order that, once sodden with brine,
they may receive the strong bolts; so these monsters at the
entrance of the foam-fringed harbour lay stretched one after
another, some in heaps bending their heads and breasts into the
salt waves with their limbs spread out above on the land; others
again were resting their heads on the sand of the shore and their
feet in the deep water, both alike a prey to birds and fishes at
once.

(ll. 1012-1076)  But the heroes, when the contest was ended
without fear, loosed the ship's hawsers to the breath of the wind
and pressed on through the sea-swell.  And the ship sped on under
sail all day; but when night came the rushing wind did not hold
steadfast, but contrary blasts caught them and held them back
till they again approached the hospitable Doliones.  And they
stepped ashore that same night; and the rock is still called the
Sacred Rock round which they threw the ship's hawsers in their
haste.  Nor did anyone note with care that it was the same
island; nor in the night did the Doliones clearly perceive that
the heroes were returning; but they deemed that Pelasgian war-men
of the Macrians had landed.  Therefore they donned their armour
and raised their hands against them.  And with clashing of ashen
spears and shields they fell on each other, like the swift rush
of fire which falls on dry brushwood and rears its crest; and the
din of battle, terrible and furious, fell upon the people of the
Doliones.  Nor was the king to escape his fate and return home
from battle to his bridal chamber and bed.  But Aeson's son leapt
upon him as he turned to face him, and smote him in the middle of
the breast, and the bone was shattered round the spear; he rolled
forward in the sand and filled up the measure of his fate.  For
that no mortal may escape; but on every side a wide snare
encompasses us.  And so, when he thought that he had escaped
bitter death from the chiefs, fate entangled him that very night
in her toils while battling with them; and many champions withal
were slain; Heracles killed Telecles and Megabrontes, and Acastus
slew Sphodris; and Peleus slew Zelus and Gephyrus swift in war.
Telamon of the strong spear slew Basileus.  And Idas slew
Promeus, and Clytius Hyacinthus, and the two sons of Tyndareus
slew Megalossaces and Phlogius.  And after them the son of Oeneus
slew bold Itomeneus, and Artaceus, leader of men; all of whom the
inhabitants still honour with the worship due to heroes.  And the
rest gave way and fled in terror just as doves fly in terror
before swift-winged hawks.  And with a din they rustled in a body
to the gates; and quickly the city was filled with loud cries at
the turning of the dolorous fight.  But at dawn both sides
perceived the fatal and cureless error; and bitter grief seized
the Minyan heroes when they saw before them Cyzicus son of Aeneus
fallen in the midst of dust and blood.  And for three whole days
they lamented and rent their hair, they and the Dollones.  Then
three times round his tomb they paced in armour of bronze and
performed funeral rites and celebrated games, as was meet, upon
the meadow-plain, where even now rises the mound of his grave to
be seen by men of a later day.  No, nor was his bride Cleite left
behind her dead husband, but to crown the ill she wrought an ill
yet more awful, when she clasped a noose round her neck.  Her
death even the nymphs of the grove bewailed; and of all the tears
for her that they shed to earth from their eyes the goddesses
made a fountain, which they call Cleite, (7) the illustrious name
of the hapless maid.  Most terrible came that day from Zeus upon
the Doliones, women and men; for no one of them dared even to
taste food, nor for a long time by reason of grief did they take
thought for the toil of the cornmill, but they dragged on their
lives eating their food as it was, untouched by fire.  Here even
now, when the Ionians that dwell in Cyzicus pour their yearly
libations for the dead, they ever grind the meal for the
sacrificial cakes at the common mill. (8)

(ll. 1079-1091)  After this, fierce tempests arose for twelve
days and nights together and kept them there from sailing.  But
in the next night the rest of the chieftains, overcome by sleep,
were resting during the latest period of the night, while Acastus
and Mopsus the son of Ampyeus kept guard over their deep
slumbers.  And above the golden head of Aeson's son there hovered
a halcyon prophesying with shrill voice the ceasing of the stormy
winds; and Mopsus heard and understood the cry of the bird of the
shore, fraught with good omen.  And some god made it turn aside,
and flying aloft it settled upon the stern-ornament of the ship.
And the seer touched Jason as he lay wrapped in soft sheepskins
and woke him at once, and thus spake:

(ll. 1092-1102)  "Son of Aeson, thou must climb to this temple on
rugged Dindymum and propitiate the mother (9) of all the blessed
gods on her fair throne, and the stormy blasts shall cease.  For
such was the voice I heard but now from the halcyon, bird of the
sea, which, as it flew above thee in thy slumber, told me all. 
For by her power the winds and the sea and all the earth below
and the snowy seat of Olympus are complete; and to her, when from
the mountains she ascends the mighty heaven, Zeus himself, the
son of Cronos, gives place.  In like manner the rest of the
immortal blessed ones reverence the dread goddess."

(ll. 1103-1152)  Thus he spake, and his words were welcome to
Jason's ear.  And he arose from his bed with joy and woke all his
comrades hurriedly and told them the prophecy of Mopsus the son
of Ampycus.  And quickly the younger men drove oxen from their
stalls and began to lead them to the mountain's lofty summit. 
And they loosed the hawsers from the sacred rock and rowed to the
Thracian harbour; and the heroes climbed the mountain, leaving a
few of their comrades in the ship.  And to them the Macrian
heights and all the coast of Thrace opposite appeared to view
close at hand.  And there appeared the misty mouth of Bosporus
and the Mysian hills; and on the other side the stream of the
river Aesepus and the city and Nepeian plain of Adrasteia.  Now
there was a sturdy stump of vine that grew in the forest, a tree
exceeding old; this they cut down, to be the sacred image of the
mountain goddess; and Argus smoothed it skilfully, and they set
it upon that rugged hill beneath a canopy of lofty oaks, which of
all trees have their roots deepest.  And near it they heaped an
altar of small stones, and wreathed their brows with oak leaves
and paid heed to sacrifice, invoking the mother of Dindymum, most
venerable, dweller in Phrygia, and Titias and Cyllenus, who alone
of many are called dispensers of doom and assessors of the Idaean
mother,--the Idaean Dactyls of Crete, whom once the nymph
Anchiale, as she grasped with both hands the land of Oaxus, bare
in the Dictaean cave.  And with many prayers did Aeson's son
beseech the goddess to turn aside the stormy blasts as he poured
libations on the blazing sacrifice; and at the same time by
command of Orpheus the youths trod a measure dancing in full
armour, and clashed with their swords on their shields, so that
the ill-omened cry might be lost in the air the wail which the
people were still sending up in grief for their king.  Hence from
that time forward the Phrygians propitiate Rhea with the wheel
and the drum.  And the gracious goddess, I ween, inclined her
heart to pious sacrifices; and favourable signs appeared.  The
trees shed abundant fruit, and round their feet the earth of its
own accord put forth flowers from the tender grass.  And the
beasts of the wild wood left their lairs and thickets and came up
fawning on them with their tails.  And she caused yet another
marvel; for hitherto there was no flow of water on Dindymum, but
then for them an unceasing stream gushed forth from the thirsty
peak just as it was, and the dwellers around in after times
called that stream, the spring of Jason.  And then they made a
feast in honour of the goddess on the Mount of Bears, singing the
praises of Rhea most venerable; but at dawn the winds had ceased
and they rowed away from the island.

(ll. 1153-1171)  Thereupon a spirit of contention stirred each
chieftain, who should be the last to leave his oar.  For all
around the windless air smoothed the swirling waves and lulled
the sea to rest.  And they, trusting in the calm, mightily drove
the ship forward; and as she sped through the salt sea, not even
the storm-footed steeds of Poseidon would have overtaken her. 
Nevertheless when the sea was stirred by violent blasts which
were just rising from the rivers about evening, forspent with
toil, they ceased.  But Heracles by the might of his arms pulled
the weary rowers along all together, and made the strong-knit
timbers of the ship to quiver.  But when, eager to reach the
Mysian mainland, they passed along in sight of the mouth of
Rhyndaeus and the great cairn of Aegaeon, a little way from
Phrygia, then Heracles, as he ploughed up the furrows of the
roughened surge, broke his oar in the middle.  And one half he
held in both his hands as he fell sideways, the other the sea
swept away with its receding wave.  And he sat up in silence
glaring round; for his hands were unaccustomed to he idle.

(ll. 1172-1186)  Now at the hour when from the field some delver
or ploughman goes gladly home to his hut, longing for his evening
meal, and there on the threshold, all squalid with dust, bows his
wearied knees, and, beholding his hands worn with toil, with many
a curse reviles his belly; at that hour the heroes reached the
homes of the Cianian land near the Arganthonian mount and the
outfall of Cius.  Them as they came in friendliness, the Mysians,
inhabitants of that land, hospitably welcomed, and gave them in
their need provisions and sheep and abundant wine.  Hereupon some
brought dried wood, others from the meadows leaves for beds which
they gathered in abundance for strewing, whilst others were
twirling sticks to get fire; others again were mixing wine in the
bowl and making ready the feast, after sacrificing at nightfall
to Apollo Ecbasius.

(ll. 1187-1206)  But the son of Zeus having duly enjoined on his
comrades to prepare the feast took his way into a wood, that he
might first fashion for himself an oar to fit his hand. 
Wandering about he found a pine not burdened with many branches,
nor too full of leaves, but like to the shaft of a tall poplar;
so great was it both in length and thickness to look at.  And
quickly he laid on the ground his arrow-holding quiver together
with his bow, and took off his lion's skin.  And he loosened the
pine from the ground with his bronze-tipped club and grasped the
trunk with both hands at the bottom, relying on his strength; and
he pressed it against his broad shoulder with legs wide apart;
and clinging close he raised it from the ground deep-rooted
though it was, together with clods of earth.  And as when
unexpectedly, just at the time of the stormy setting of baleful
Orion, a swift gust of wind strikes down from above, and wrenches
a ship's mast from its stays, wedges and all; so did Heracles
lift the pine.  And at the same time he took up his bow and
arrows, his lion skin and club, and started on his return.

(ll. 1207-1239)  Meantime Hylas with pitcher of bronze in hand
had gone apart from the throng, seeking the sacred flow of a
fountain, that he might be quick in drawing water for the evening
meal and actively make all things ready in due order against his
lord's return.  For in such ways did Heracles nurture him from
his first childhood when he had carried him off from the house of
his father, goodly Theiodamas, whom the hero pitilessly slew
among the Dryopians because he withstood him about an ox for the
plough.  Theiodamas was cleaving with his plough the soil of
fallow land when he was smitten with the curse; and Heracles bade
him give up the ploughing ox against his will.  For he desired to
find some pretext for war against the Dryopians for their bane,
since they dwelt there reckless of right.  But these tales would
lead me far astray from my song.  And quickly Hylas came to the
spring which the people who dwell thereabouts call Pegae.  And
the dances of the nymphs were just now being held there; for it
was the care of all the nymphs that haunted that lovely headland
ever to hymn Artemis in songs by night.  All who held the
mountain peaks or glens, all they were ranged far off guarding
the woods; but one, a water-nymph was just rising from the
fair-flowing spring; and the boy she perceived close at hand with
the rosy flush of his beauty and sweet grace.  For the full moon
beaming from the sky smote him.  And Cypris made her heart faint,
and in her confusion she could scarcely gather her spirit back to
her.  But as soon as he dipped the pitcher in the stream, leaning
to one side, and the brimming water rang loud as it poured
against the sounding bronze, straightway she laid her left arm
above upon his neck yearning to kiss his tender mouth; and with
her right hand she drew down his elbow, and plunged him into the
midst of the eddy.

(ll. 1240-1256)  Alone of his comrades the hero Polyphemus, son
of Eilatus, as he went forward on the path, heard the boy's cry,
for he expected the return of mighty Heracles.  And he rushed
after the cry, near Pegae, like some beast of the wild wood whom
the bleating of sheep has reached from afar, and burning with
hunger he follows, but does not fall in with the flocks; for the
shepherds beforehand have penned them in the fold, but he groans
and roars vehemently until he is weary.  Thus vehemently at that
time did the son of Eilatus groan and wandered shouting round the
spot; and his voice rang piteous.  Then quickly drawing his great
sword he started in pursuit, in fear lest the boy should be the
prey of wild beasts, or men should have lain in ambush for him
faring all alone, and be carrying him off, an easy prey. 
Hereupon as he brandished his bare sword in his hand he met
Heracles himself on the path, and well he knew him as he hastened
to the ship through the darkness.  And straightway he told the
wretched calamity while his heart laboured with his panting
breath.

(ll. 1257-1260)  "My poor friend, I shall be the first to bring
thee tidings of bitter woe.  Hylas has gone to the well and has
not returned safe, but robbers have attacked and are carrying him
off, or beasts are tearing him to pieces; I heard his cry."

(ll. 1261-1272)  Thus he spake; and when Heracles heard his
words, sweat in abundance poured down from his temples and the
black blood boiled beneath his heart.  And in wrath he hurled the
pine to the ground and hurried along the path whither his feet
bore on his impetuous soul.  And as when a bull stung by a gadfly
tears along, leaving the meadows and the marsh land, and recks
not of herdsmen or herd, but presses on, now without cheek, now
standing still, and raising his broad neck he bellows loudly,
stung by the maddening fly; so he in his frenzy now would ply his
swift knees unresting, now again would cease from toil and shout
afar with loud pealing cry.

(ll. 1273-1289)  But straightway the morning star rose above the
topmost peaks and the breeze swept down; and quickly did Tiphys
urge them to go aboard and avail themselves of the wind.  And
they embarked eagerly forthwith; and they drew up the ship's
anchors and hauled the ropes astern.  And the sails were bellied
out by the wind, and far from the coast were they joyfully borne
past the Posideian headland.  But at the hour when gladsome dawn
shines from heaven, rising from the east, and the paths stand out
clearly, and the dewy plains shine with a bright gleam, then at
length they were aware that unwittingly they had abandoned those
men.  And a fierce quarrel fell upon them, and violent tumult,
for that they had sailed and left behind the bravest of their
comrades.  And Aeson's son, bewildered by their hapless plight,
said never a word, good or bad; but sat with his heavy load of
grief, eating out his heart.  And wrath seized Telamon, and thus
he spake:

(ll. 1290-1295)  "Sit there at thy ease, for it was fitting for
thee to leave Heracles behind; from thee the project arose, so
that his glory throughout Hellas should not overshadow thee, if
so be that heaven grants us a return home.  But what pleasure is
there in words?  For I will go, I only, with none of thy
comrades, who have helped thee to plan this treachery."

(ll. 1296-1314)  He spake, and rushed upon Tiphys son of Hagnias;
and his eyes sparkled like flashes of ravening flame.  And they
would quickly have turned back to the land of the Mysians,
forcing their way through the deep sea and the unceasing blasts
of the wind, had not the two sons of Thracian Boreas held back
the son of Aeacus with harsh words.  Hapless ones, assuredly a
bitter vengeance came upon them thereafter at the hands of
Heracles, because they stayed the search for him.  For when they
were returning from the games over Pelias dead he slew them in
sea-girt Tenos and heaped the earth round them, and placed two
columns above, one of which, a great marvel for men to see, moves
at the breath of the blustering north wind.  These things were
thus to be accomplished in after times.  But to them appeared
Glaucus from the depths of the sea, the wise interpreter of
divine Nereus, and raising aloft his shaggy head and chest from
his waist below, with sturdy hand he seized the ship's keel, and
then cried to the eager crew:

(ll. 1315-1325)  "Why against the counsel of mighty Zeus do ye
purpose to lead bold Heracles to the city of Aeetes?  At Argos it
is his fate to labour for insolent Eurystheus and to accomplish
full twelve toils and dwell with the immortals, if so be that he
bring to fulfilment a few more yet; wherefore let there be no
vain regret for him.  Likewise it is destined for Polyphemus to
found a glorious city at the mouth of Cius among the Mysians and
to fill up the measure of his fate in the vast land of the
Chalybes.  But a goddess-nymph through love has made Hylas her
husband, on whose account those two wandered and were left
behind."

(ll. 1326-1331)  He spake, and with a plunge wrapped him about
with the restless wave; and round him the dark water foamed in
seething eddies and dashed against the hollow ship as it moved
through the sea.  And the heroes rejoiced, and Telamon son of
Aeacus came in haste to Jason, and grasping his hand in his own
embraced him with these words:

(ll. 1332-1335)  "Son of Aeson, be not wroth with me, if in my
folly I have erred, for grief wrought upon me to utter a word
arrogant and intolerable.  But let me give my fault to the winds
and let our hearts be joined as before."

(ll. 1336-1343)  Him the son of Aeson with prudence addressed:
"Good friend, assuredly with an evil word didst thou revile me,
saying before them all that I was the wronger of a kindly man.
But not for long will I nurse bitter wrath, though indeed before
I was grieved.  For it was not for flocks of sheep, no, nor for
possessions that thou wast angered to fury, but for a man, thy
comrade.  And I were fain thou wouldst even champion me against
another man if a like thing should ever befall me."

(ll. 1344-1357)  He spake, and they sat down, united as of old.
But of those two, by the counsel of Zeus, one, Polyphemus son of
Eilatus, was destined to found and build a city among the Mysians
bearing the river's name, and the other, Heracles, to return and
toil at the labours of Eurystheus.  And he threatened to lay
waste the Mysian land at once, should they not discover for him
the doom of Hylas, whether living or dead.  And for him they gave
pledges choosing out the noblest sons of the people and took an
oath that they would never cease from their labour of search.
Therefore to this day the people of Cius enquire for Hylas the
son of Theiodamas, and take thought for the well-built Trachis.
For there did Heracles settle the youths whom they sent from Cius
as pledges.

(ll. 1358-1362)  And all day long and all night the wind bore the
ship on, blowing fresh and strong; but when dawn rose there was
not even a breath of air.  And they marked a beach jutting forth
from a bend of the coast, very broad to behold, and by dint of
rowing came to land at sunrise.


ENDNOTES:
(1)  i.e. God of embarcation.
(2)  Or, reading EKTOTHEN, "they strongly girded the ship outside
     with a well-twisted rope."  In either case there is probably
     no allusion to YPOZOMATA (ropes for undergirding) which were
     carried loose and only used in stormy weather.
(3)  i.e. God of the shore.
(4)  i.e. The Starting.
(5)  Samothrace.
(6)  i.e. god of disembarcation.
(7)  Cleite means illustrious.
(8)  i.e. to avoid grinding it at home.
(9)  Rhea.



BOOK II 

(ll. 1-10)  Here were the oxstalls and farm of Amycus, the
haughty king of the Bebrycians, whom once a nymph, Bithynian
Melie, united to Poseidon Genethlius, bare the most arrogant of
men; for even for strangers he laid down an insulting ordinance,
that none should depart till they had made trial of him in
boxing; and he had slain many of the neighbours.  And at that
time too he went down to the ship and in his insolence scorned to
ask them the occasion of their voyage, and who they were, but at
once spake out among them all:

(ll. 11-18)  "Listen, ye wanderers by sea, to what it befits you
to know.  It is the rule that no stranger who comes to the
Bebrycians should depart till he has raised his hands in battle
against mine.  Wherefore select your bravest warrior from the
host and set him here on the spot to contend with me in boxing.
But if ye pay no heed and trample my decrees under foot,
assuredly to your sorrow will stern necessity come upon you.

(ll. 19-21)  Thus he spake in his pride, but fierce anger seized
them when they heard it, and the challenge smote Polydeuces most
of all.  And quickly he stood forth his comrades' champion, and
cried:

(ll. 22-24)  "Hold now, and display not to us thy brutal
violence, whoever thou art; for we will obey thy rules, as thou
sayest.  Willingly now do I myself undertake to meet thee."

(ll. 25-54)  Thus he spake outright; but the other with rolling
eyes glared on him, like to a lion struck by a javelin when
hunters in the mountains are hemming him round, and, though
pressed by the throng, he reeks no more of them, but keeps his
eyes fixed, singling out that man only who struck him first and
slew him not.  Hereupon the son of Tyndareus laid aside his
mantle, closely-woven, delicately-wrought, which one of the
Lemnian maidens had given him as a pledge of hospitality; and the
king threw down his dark cloak of double fold with its clasps and
the knotted crook of mountain olive which he carried.  Then
straightway they looked and chose close by a spot that pleased
them and bade their comrades sit upon the sand in two lines; nor
were they alike to behold in form or in stature.  The one seemed
to be a monstrous son of baleful Typhoeus or of Earth herself,
such as she brought forth aforetime, in her wrath against Zeus;
but the other, the son of Tyndareus, was like a star of heaven,
whose beams are fairest as it shines through the nightly sky at
eventide.  Such was the son of Zeus, the bloom of the first down
still on his cheeks, still with the look of gladness in his eyes.
But his might and fury waxed like a wild beast's; and he poised
his hands to see if they were pliant as before and were not
altogether numbed by toil and rowing.  But Amycus on his side
made no trial; but standing apart in silence he kept his eyes
upon his foe, and his spirit surged within him all eager to dash
the life-blood from his breast.  And between them Lyeoreus, the
henchman of Amycus, placed at their feet on each side two pairs
of gauntlets made of raw hide, dry, exceeding tough.  And the
king addressed the hero with arrogant words:

(ll. 55-59)  "Whichever of these thou wilt, without casting lots,
I grant thee freely, that thou mayst not blame me hereafter. 
Bind them about thy hands; thou shalt learn and tell another how
skilled I am to carve the dry oxhides and to spatter men's cheeks
with blood."

(ll. 60-66)  Thus he spake; but the other gave back no taunt in
answer, but with a light smile readily took up the gauntlets that
lay at his feet; and to him came Castor and mighty Talaus, son of
Bias, and they quickly bound the gauntlets about his hands, often
bidding him be of good courage.  And to Amycus came Aretus and
Ornytus, but little they knew, poor fools, that they had bound
them for the last time on their champion, a victim of evil fate.

(ll. 67-97)  Now when they stood apart and were ready with their
gauntlets, straightway in front of their faces they raised their
heavy hands and matched their might in deadly strife.  Hereupon
the Bebrycian king even as a fierce wave of the sea rises in a
crest against a swift ship, but she by the skill of the crafty
pilot just escapes the shock when the billow is eager to break
over the bulwark--so he followed up the son of Tyndareus,
trying to daunt him, and gave him no respite.  But the hero, ever
unwounded, by his skill baffled the rush of his foe, and he
quickly noted the brutal play of his fists to see where he was
invincible in strength, and where inferior, and stood unceasingly
and returned blow for blow.  And as when shipwrights with their
hammers smite ships' timbers to meet the sharp clamps, fixing
layer upon layer; and the blows resound one after another; so
cheeks and jaws crashed on both sides, and a huge clattering of
teeth arose, nor did they cease ever from striking their blows
until laboured gasping overcame both.  And standing a little
apart they wiped from their foreheads sweat in abundance, wearily
panting for breath.  Then back they rushed together again, as two
bulls fight in furious rivalry for a grazing heifer.  Next Amycus
rising on tiptoe, like one who slays an ox, sprung to his full
height and swung his heavy hand down upon his rival; but the hero
swerved aside from the rush, turning his head, and just received
the arm on his shoulder; and coming near and slipping his knee
past the king's, with a rush he struck him above the ear, and
broke the bones inside, and the king in agony fell upon his
knees; and the Minyan heroes shouted for joy; and his life was
poured forth all at once.

(ll. 98-144)  Nor were the Bebrycians reckless of their king; but
all together took up rough clubs and spears and rushed straight
on Polydeuces.  But in front of him stood his comrades, their
keen swords drawn from the sheath.  First Castor struck upon the
head a man as he rushed at him: and it was cleft in twain and
fell on each side upon his shoulders.  And Polydeuces slew huge
Itymoneus and Mimas.  The one, with a sudden leap, he smote
beneath the breast with his swift foot and threw him in the dust;
and as the other drew near he struck him with his right hand
above the left eyebrow, and tore away his eyelid and the eyeball
was left bare.  But Oreides, insolent henchman of Amycus, wounded
Talaus son of Bias in the side, but did not slay him, but only
grazing the skin the bronze sped under his belt and touched not
the flesh.  Likewise Aretus with well-seasoned club smote
Iphitus, the steadfast son of Eurytus, not yet destined to an
evil death; assuredly soon was he himself to be slain by the
sword of Clytius.  Then Ancaeus, the dauntless son of Lycurgus,
quickly seized his huge axe, and in his left hand holding a
bear's dark hide, plunged into the midst of the Bebrycians with
furious onset; and with him charged the sons of Aeacus, and with
them started warlike Jason.  And as when amid the folds grey
wolves rush down on a winter's day and scare countless sheep,
unmarked by the keen-scented dogs and the shepherds too, and they
seek what first to attack and carry off; often glaring around,
but the sheep are just huddled together and trample on one
another; so the heroes grievously scared the arrogant Bebrycians.
And as shepherds or beekeepers smoke out a huge swarm of bees in
a rock, and they meanwhile, pent up in their hive, murmur with
droning hum, till, stupefied by the murky smoke, they fly forth
far from the rock; so they stayed steadfast no longer, but
scattered themselves inland through Bebrycia, proclaiming the
death of Amycus; fools, not to perceive that another woe all
unforeseen was hard upon them.  For at that hour their vineyards
and villages were being ravaged by the hostile spear of Lycus and
the Mariandyni, now that their king was gone.  For they were ever
at strife about the ironbearing land.  And now the foe was
destroying their steadings and farms, and now the heroes from all
sides were driving off their countless sheep, and one spake among
his fellows thus:

(ll. 145-153)  "Bethink ye what they would have done in their
cowardice if haply some god had brought Heracles hither.
Assuredly, if he had been here, no trial would there have been of
fists, I ween, but when the king drew near to proclaim his rules,
the club would have made him forget his pride and the rules to
boot.  Yea, we left him uncared for on the strand and we sailed
oversea; and full well each one of us shall know our baneful
folly, now that he is far away."

(ll. 154-163)  Thus he spake, but all these things had been
wrought by the counsels of Zeus.  Then they remained there
through the night and tended the hurts of the wounded men, and
offered sacrifice to the immortals, and made ready a mighty meal;
and sleep fell upon no man beside the bowl and the blazing
sacrifice.  They wreathed their fair brows with the bay that grew
by the shore, whereto their hawsers were bound, and chanted a
song to the lyre of Orpheus in sweet harmony; and the windless
shore was charmed by their song; and they celebrated the
Therapnaean son of Zeus. (1)

(ll. 164-177)  But when the sun rising from far lands lighted up
the dewy hills and wakened the shepherds, then they loosed their
hawsers from the stem of the baytree and put on board all the
spoil they had need to take; and with a favouring wind they
steered through the eddying Bosporus.  Hereupon a wave like a
steep mountain rose aloft in front as though rushing upon them,
ever upheaved above the clouds; nor would you say that they could
escape grim death, for in its fury it hangs over the middle of
the ship, like a cloud, yet it sinks away into calm if it meets
with a skilful helmsman.  So they by the steering-craft of Tiphys
escaped, unhurt but sore dismayed.  And on the next day they
fastened the hawsers to the coast opposite the Bithynian land.

(ll. 178-208)  There Phineus, son of Agenor, had his home by the
sea, Phineus who above all men endured most bitter woes because
of the gift of prophecy which Leto's son had granted him
aforetime.  And he reverenced not a whit even Zeus himself, for
he foretold unerringly to men his sacred will.  Wherefore Zeus
sent upon him a lingering old age, and took from his eyes the
pleasant light, and suffered him not to have joy of the dainties
untold that the dwellers around ever brought to his house, when
they came to enquire the will of heaven.  But on a sudden,
swooping through the clouds, the Harpies with their crooked beaks
incessantly snatched the food away from his mouth and hands.  And
at times not a morsel of food was left, at others but a little,
in order that he might live and be tormented.  And they poured
forth over all a loathsome stench; and no one dared not merely to
carry food to his mouth but even to stand at a distance; so
foully reeked the remnants of the meal.  But straightway when he
heard the voice and the tramp of the band he knew that they were
the men passing by, at whose coming Zeus' oracle had declared to
him that he should have joy of his food.  And he rose from his
couch, like a lifeless dream, bowed over his staff, and crept to
the door on his withered feet, feeling the walls; and as he
moved, his limbs trembled for weakness and age; and his parched
skin was caked with dirt, and naught but the skill held his bones
together.  And he came forth from the hall with wearied knees and
sat on the threshold of the courtyard; and a dark stupor covered
him, and it seemed that the earth reeled round beneath his feet,
and he lay in a strengthless trance, speechless.  But when they
saw him they gathered round and marvelled.  And he at last drew
laboured breath from the depths of his chest and spoke among them
with prophetic utterance:

(ll. 209-239)  "Listen, bravest of all the Hellenes, if it be
truly ye, whom by a king's ruthless command Jason is leading on
the ship Argo in quest of the fleece.  It is ye truly.  Even yet
my soul by its divination knows everything.  Thanks I render to
thee, O king, son of Leto, plunged in bitter affliction though I
be.  I beseech you by Zeus the god of suppliants, the sternest
foe to sinful men, and for the sake of Phoebus and Hera herself,
under whose especial care ye have come hither, help me, save an
ill-fated man from misery, and depart not uncaring and leaving me
thus as ye see.  For not only has the Fury set her foot on my
eyes and I drag on to the end a weary old age; but besides my
other woes a woe hangs over me the bitterest of all.  The
Harpies, swooping down from some unseen den of destruction, ever
snatch the food from my mouth.  And I have no device to aid me.
But it were easier, when I long for a meal, to escape my own
thoughts than them, so swiftly do they fly through the air.  But
if haply they do leave me a morsel of food it reeks of decay and
the stench is unendurable, nor could any mortal bear to draw near
even for a moment, no, not if his heart were wrought of adamant.
But necessity, bitter and insatiate, compels me to abide and
abiding to put food in my cursed belly.  These pests, the oracle
declares, the sons of Boreas shall restrain.  And no strangers
are they that shall ward them off if indeed I am Phineus who was
once renowned among men for wealth and the gift of prophecy, and
if I am the son of my father Agenor; and, when I ruled among the
Thracians, by my bridal gifts I brought home their sister
Cleopatra to be my wife."

(ll. 240-243)  So spake Agenor's son; and deep sorrow seized each
of the heroes, and especially the two sons of Boreas.  And
brushing away a tear they drew nigh, and Zetes spake as follows,
taking in his own the hand of the grief-worn sire:

(ll. 244-253)  "Unhappy one, none other of men is more wretched
than thou, methinks.  Why upon thee is laid the burden of so many
sorrows?  Hast thou with baneful folly sinned against the gods
through thy skill in prophecy?  For this are they greatly wroth
with thee?  Yet our spirit is dismayed within us for all our
desire to aid thee, if indeed the god has granted this privilege
to us two.  For plain to discern to men of earth are the reproofs
of the immortals.  And we will never check the Harpies when they
come, for all our desire, until thou hast sworn that for this we
shall not lose the favour of heaven."

(ll. 254-255)  Thus he spake; and towards him the aged sire
opened his sightless eyes, and lifted them up and replied with
these words:

(ll. 256-261)  "Be silent, store not up such thoughts in thy
heart, my child.  Let the son of Leto be my witness, he who of
his gracious will taught me the lore of prophecy, and be witness
the ill-starred doom which possesses me and this dark cloud upon
my eyes, and the gods of the underworld--and may their curse be
upon me if I die perjured thus--no wrath from heaven will fall
upon you two for your help to me."

(ll. 262-287)  Then were those two eager to help him because of
the oath.  And quickly the younger heroes prepared a feast for
the aged man, a last prey for the Harpies; and both stood near
him, to smite with the sword those pests when they swooped down.
Scarcely had the aged man touched the food when they forthwith,
like bitter blasts or flashes of lightning, suddenly darted from
the clouds, and swooped down with a yell, fiercely craving for
food; and the heroes beheld them and shouted in the midst of
their onrush; but they at the cry devoured everything and sped
away over the sea after; and an intolerable stench remained.  And
behind them the two sons of Boreas raising their swords rushed in
pursuit.  For Zeus imparted to them tireless strength; but
without Zeus they could not have followed, for the Harpies used
ever to outstrip the blasts of the west wind when they came to
Phineus and when they left him.  And as when, upon the mountain-
side, hounds, cunning in the chase, run in the track of horned
goats or deer, and as they strain a little behind gnash their
teeth upon the edge of their jaws in vain; so Zetes and Calais
rushing very near just grazed the Harpies in vain with their
finger-tips.  And assuredly they would have torn them to pieces,
despite heaven's will, when they had overtaken them far off at
the Floating Islands, had not swift Iris seen them and leapt down
from the sky from heaven above, and cheeked them with these
words:

(ll. 288-290)  "It is not lawful, O sons of Boreas, to strike
with your swords the Harpies, the hounds of mighty Zeus; but I
myself will give you a pledge, that hereafter they shall not draw
near to Phineus."

(ll. 291-300)  With these words she took an oath by the waters of






Etext created by John M. Krafft
krafftjm@muohio.edu



From The Discovery and Settlement of Kentucke
by John Filson



The ADVENTURES of Col. DANIEL BOON;
containing a NARRATIVE of the WARS of Kentucke.


Curiosity is natural to the soul of man, and interesting objects
have a powerful influence on our affections. Let these influencing
powers actuate, by the permission or disposal of Providence, from
selfish or social views, yet in time the mysterious will of Heaven
is unfolded, and we behold our conduct, from whatsoever motives
excited, operating to answer the important designs of heaven. Thus
we behold Kentucke, lately an howling wilderness, the habitation of
savages and wild beasts, become a fruitful field; this region, so
favourably distinguished by nature, now become the habitation of
civilization, at a period unparalleled in history, in the midst of
a raging war, and under all the disadvantages of emigration to a
country so remote from the inhabited parts of the continent. Here,
where the hand of violence shed the blood of the innocent; where
the horrid yells of savages, and the groans of the distressed,
sounded in our ears, we now hear the praises and adoration of our
Creator; where wretched wigwams stood, the miserable abodes of
savages, we behold the foundations of cities laid, that, in all
probability, will rival the glory of the greatest upon earth. And
we view Kentucke situated on the fertile banks of the great Ohio,
rising from obscurity to shine with splendor, equal to any other of
the stars of the American hemisphere.

The settling of this region well deserves a place in history.
Most of the memorable events I have myself been exercised in; and,
for the satisfaction of the public, will briefly relate the
circumstances of my adventures, and scenes of life, from my first
movement to this country until this day.

It was on the first of May, in the year 1769, that I resigned my
domestic happiness for a time, and left my family and peaceable
habitation on the Yadkin River, in North-Carolina, to wander
through the wilderness of America, in quest of the country of
Kentucke, in company with John Finley, John Stewart, Joseph Holden,
James Monay, and William Cool. We proceeded successfully, and after
a long and fatiguing journey through a mountainous wilderness, in
a westward direction, on the seventh day of June following, we
found ourselves on Red-River, where John Finley had formerly been
trading with the Indians, and, from the top of an eminence, saw
with pleasure the beautiful level of Kentucke. Here let me observe,
that for some time we had experienced the most uncomfortable
weather as a prelibation of our future sufferings. At this place we
encamped, and made a shelter to defend us from the inclement
season, and began to hunt and reconnoitre the country. We found
every where abundance of wild beasts of all sorts, through this
vast forest. The buffaloes were more frequent than I have seen
cattle in the settlements, browzing on the leaves of the cane, or
croping the herbage on those extensive plains, fearless, because
ignorant, of the violence of man. Sometimes we saw hundreds in a
drove, and the numbers about the salt springs were amazing. In this
forest, the habitation of beasts of every kind natural to America,
we practised hunting with great success until the twenty-second day
of December following.

This day John Stewart and I had a pleasing ramble, but fortune
changed the scene in the close of it. We had passed through a great
forest on which stood myriads of trees, some gay with blossoms,
others rich with fruits. Nature was here a series of wonders, and
a fund of delight. Here she displayed her ingenuity and industry in
a variety of flowers and fruits, beautifully coloured, elegantly
shaped, and charmingly flavoured; and we were diverted with
innumerable animals presenting themselves perpetually to our
view.--In the decline of the day, near Kentucke river, as we
ascended the brow of a small hill, a number of Indians rushed out
of a thick cane-brake upon us, and made us prisoners. The time of
our sorrow was now arrived, and the scene fully opened. The Indians
plundered us of what we had, and kept us in confinement seven days,
treating us with common savage usage. During this time we
discovered no uneasiness or desire to escape, which made them less
suspicious of us; but in the dead of night, as we lay in a thick
cane-brake by a large fire, when sleep had locked up their senses,
my situation not disposing me for rest, I touched my companion and
gently awoke him. We improved this favourable opportunity, and
departed, leaving them to take their rest, and speedily directed
our course towards our old camp, but found it plundered, and the
company dispersed and gone home. About this time my brother, Squire
Boon, with another adventurer, who came to explore the country
shortly after us, was wandering through the forest, determined to
find me, if possible, and accidentally found our camp.
Notwithstanding the unfortunate circumstances of our company, and
our dangerous situation, as surrounded with hostile savages, our
meeting so fortunately in the wilderness made us reciprocally
sensible of the utmost satisfaction. So much does friendship
triumph over misfortune, that sorrows and sufferings vanish at the
meeting not only of real friends, but of the most distant
acquaintances, and substitutes happiness in their room.

Soon after this, my companion in captivity, John Stewart, was
killed by the savages, and the man that came with my brother
returned home by himself. We were then in a dangerous, helpless
situation, exposed daily to perils and death amongst savages and
wild beasts, not a white man in the country but ourselves.

Thus situated, many hundred miles from our families in the
howling wilderness, I believe few would have equally enjoyed the
happiness we experienced. I often observed to my brother, You see
now how little nature requires to be satisfied. Felicity, the
companion of content, is rather found in our own breasts than in
the enjoyment of external things; And I firmly believe it requires
but a little philosophy to make a man happy in whatsoever state he
is. This consists in a full resignation to the will of Providence;
and a resigned soul finds pleasure in a path strewed with briars
and thorns.

We continued not in a state of indolence, but hunted every day,
and prepared a little cottage to defend us from the Winter storms.
We remained there undisturbed during the Winter; and on the first
day of May, 1770, my brother returned home to the settlement by
himself, for a new recruit of horses and ammunition, leaving me by
myself, without bread, salt or sugar, without company of my fellow
creatures, or even a horse or dog. I confess I never before was
under greater necessity of exercising philosophy and fortitude. A
few days I passed uncomfortably. The idea of a beloved wife and
family, and their anxiety upon the account of my absence and
exposed situation, made sensible impressions on my heart. A
thousand dreadful apprehensions presented themselves to my view,
and had undoubtedly disposed me to melancholy, if further indulged.

One day I undertook a tour through the country, and the diversity
and beauties of nature I met with in this charming season, expelled
every gloomy and vexatious thought. Just at the close of day the
gentle gales retired, and left the place to the disposal of a
profound calm. Not a breeze shook the most tremulous leaf. I had
gained the summit of a commanding ridge, and, looking round with
astonishing delight, beheld the ample plains, the beauteous tracts
below. On the other hand, I surveyed the famous river Ohio that
rolled in silent dignity, marking the western boundary of Kentucke
with inconceivable grandeur. At a vast distance I beheld the
mountains lift their venerable brows, and penetrate the clouds. All
things were still. I kindled a fire near a fountain of sweet water,
and feasted on the loin of a buck, which a few hours before I had
killed. The sullen shades of night soon overspread the whole
hemisphere, and the earth seemed to gasp after the hovering
moisture. My roving excursion this day had fatigued my body, and
diverted my imagination. I laid me down to sleep, and I awoke not
until the sun had chased away the night. I continued this tour, and
in a few days explored a considerable part of the country, each day
equally pleased as the first. I returned again to my old camp,
which was not disturbed in my absence. I did not confine my lodging
to it, but often reposed in thick cane-brakes, to avoid the
savages, who, I believe, often visited my camp, but fortunately for
me, in my absence. In this situation I was constantly exposed to
danger, and death. How unhappy such a situation for a man tormented
with fear, which is vain if no danger comes, and if it does, only
augments the pain. It was my happiness to be destitute of this
afflicting passion, with which I had the greatest reason to be
affected. The prowling wolves diverted my nocturnal hours with
perpetual howlings; and the various species of animals in this vast
forest, in the daytime, were continually in my view.
Thus I was surrounded with plenty in the midst of want. I was
happy in the midst of dangers and inconveniences. In such a
diversity it was impossible I should be disposed to melancholy. No
populous city, with all the varieties of commerce and stately
structures, could afford so much pleasure to my mind, as the
beauties of nature I found here.

Thus, through an uninterrupted scene of sylvan pleasures, I spent
the time until the 27th day of July following, when my brother, to
my great felicity, met me, according to appointment, at our old
camp. Shortly after, we left this place, not thinking it safe to
stay there longer, and proceeded to Cumberland river, reconnoitring
that part of the country until March, 1771, and giving names to the
different waters.

Soon after, I returned home to my family with a determination to
bring them as soon as possible to live in Kentucke, which I
esteemed a second paradise, at the risk of my life and fortune.

I returned safe to my old habitation, and found my family in
happy circumstances. I sold my farm on the Yadkin, and what goods
we could not carry with us; and on the twenty-fifth day of
September, 1773, bade a farewel to our friends, and proceeded on
our journey to Kentucke, in company with five families more, and
forty men that joined us in Powel's Valley, which is one hundred
and fifty miles from the now settled parts of Kentucke. This
promising beginning was soon overcast with a cloud of adversity;
for upon the tenth day of October, the rear of our company was
attacked by a number of Indians, who killed six, and wounded one
man. Of these my eldest son was one that fell in the action. Though
we defended ourselves, and repulsed the enemy, yet this unhappy
affair scattered our cattle, brought us into extreme difficulty,
and so discouraged the whole company, that we retreated forty
miles, to the settlement on Clench river. We had passed over two
mountains, viz. Powel's and Walden's, and were approaching
Cumberland mountain when this adverse fortune overtook us. These
mountains are in the wilderness, as we pass from the old
settlements in Virginia to Kentucke, are ranged in a S. west and N.
east direction, are of a great length and breadth, and not far
distant from each other. Over these, nature hath formed passes,
that are less difficult than might be expected from a view of such
huge piles. The aspect of these cliffs is so wild and horrid, that
it is impossible to behold them without terror. The spectator is
apt to imagine that nature had formerly suffered some violent
convulsion; and that these are the dismembered remains of the
dreadful shock; the ruins, not of Persepolis or Palmyra, but of the
world!

I remained with my family on Clench until the sixth of June,
1774, when I and one Michael Stoner were solicited by Governor
Dunmore, of Virginia, to go to the Falls of the Ohio, to conduct
into the settlement a number of surveyors that had been sent
thither by him some months before; this country having about this
time drawn the attention of many adventurers. We immediately
complied with the Governor's request, and conducted in the
surveyors, compleating a tour of eight hundred miles, through many
difficulties, in sixty-two days.

Soon after I returned home, I was ordered to take the command of
three garrisons during the campaign, which Governor Dunmore carried
on against the Shawanese Indians: After the conclusion of which,
the Militia was discharged from each garrrison, and I being
relieved from my post, was solicited by a number of North-Carolina
gentlemen, that were about purchasing the lands lying on the S.
side of Kentucke River, from the Cherokee Indians, to attend their
treaty at Wataga, in March, 1775, to negotiate with them, and,
mention the boundaries of the purchase. This I accepted, and at the
request of the same gentlemen, undertook to mark out a road in the
best passage from the settlement through the wilderness to
Kentucke, with such assistance as I thought necessary to employ for
such an important undertaking.

I soon began this work, having collected a number of enterprising
men, well armed. We proceeded with all possible expedition until we
came within fifteen miles of where Boonsborough now stands, and
where we were fired upon by a party of Indians that killed two, and
wounded two of our number; yet, although surprised and taken at a
disadvantage, we stood our ground. This was on the twentieth of
March, 1775. Three days after, we were fired upon again, and had two
men killed, and three wounded. Afterwards we proceeded on to
Kentucke river without opposition; and on the first day of April
began to erect the fort of Boonsborough at a salt lick, about sixty
yards from the river, on the S. side.

On the fourth day, the Indians killed one of our men.--We were
busily employed in building this fort, until the fourteenth day of
June following, without any farther opposition from the Indians;
and having finished the works, I returned to my family, on Clench.

In a short time, I proceeded to remove my family from Clench to
this garrison; where we arrived safe without any other difficulties
than such as are common to this passage, my wife and daughter being
the first white women that ever stood on the banks of Kentucke
river.

On the twenty-fourth day of December following we had one man
killed, and one wounded, by the Indians, who seemed determined to
persecute us for erecting this fortification.

On the fourteenth day of July, 1776, two of Col. Calaway's
daughters, and one of mine, were taken prisoners near the fort. I
immediately pursued the Indians, with only eight men, and on the
sixteenth overtook them, killed two of the party, and recovered the
girls. The same day on which this attempt was made, the Indians
divided themselves into different parties, and attacked several
forts, which were shortly before this time erected, doing a great
deal of mischief. This was extremely distressing to the new
settlers. The innocent husbandman was shot down, while busy
cultivating the soil for his family's supply. Most of the cattle
around the stations were destroyed. They continued their
hostilities in this manner until the fifteenth of April, 1777, when
they attacked Boonsborough with a party of above one hundred in
number, killed one man, and wounded four--Their loss in this attack
was not certainly known to us.

On the fourth day of July following, a party of about two hundred
Indians attacked Boonsborough, killed one man, and wounded two.
They besieged us forty-eight hours; during which time seven of them
were killed, and at last, finding themselves not likely to prevail,
they raised the siege, and departed.

The Indians had disposed their warriors in different parties at
this time, and attacked the different garrisons to prevent their
assisting each other, and did much injury to the distressed
inhabitants.

On the nineteenth day of this month, Col. Logan's fort was
besieged by a party of about two hundred Indians. During this
dreadful siege they did a great deal of mischief, distressed the
garrison, in which were only fifteen men, killed two, and wounded
one. The enemies loss was uncertain, from the common practice which
the Indians have of carrying off their dead in time of battle. Col.
Harrod's fort was then defended by only sixty-five men, and
Boonsborough by twenty-two, there being no more forts or white men
in the country, except at the Falls, a considerable distance from
these, and all taken collectively, were but a handful to the
numerous warriors that were every where dispersed through the
country, intent upon doing all the mischief that savage barbarity
could invent. Thus we passed through a scene of sufferings that
exceeds description.

On the twenty-fifth of this month a reinforcement of forty-five
men arrived from North-Carolina, and about the twentieth of August
following, Col. Bowman arrived with one hundred men from Virginia.
Now we began to strengthen, and from hence, for the space of six
weeks, we had skirmishes with Indians, in one quarter or other,
almost every day.

The savages now learned the superiority of the Long Knife, as
they call the Virginians, by experience; being out-generalled in
almost every battle. Our affairs began to wear a new aspect, and
the enemy, not daring to venture on open war, practised secret
mischief at times.

On the first day of January, 1778, I went with a party of thirty
men to the Blue Licks, on Licking River, to make salt for the
different garrisons in the country.

On the seventh day of February, as I was hunting, to procure meat
for the company, I met with a party of one hundred and two Indians,
and two Frenchmen, on their march against Boonsborough, that place
being particularly the object of the enemy.

They pursued, and took me; and brought me on the eighth day to
the Licks, where twenty-seven of my party were, three of them
having previously returned home with the salt. I knowing it was
impossible for them to escape, capitulated with the enemy, and, at
a distance in their view, gave notice to my men of their situation,
with orders not to resist, but surrender themselves captives.

The generous usage the Indians had promised before in my
capitulation, was afterwards fully complied with, and we proceeded
with them as prisoners to old Chelicothe, the principal Indian
town, on Little Miami, where we arrived, after an uncomfortable
journey, in very severe weather, on the eighteenth day of February,
and received as good treatment as prisoners could expect from
savages.--On the tenth day of March following, I, and ten of my
men, were conducted by forty Indians to Detroit, where we arrived
the thirtieth day, and were treated by Governor Hamilton, the
British commander at that post, with great humanity.

During our travels, the Indians entertained me well; and their
affection for me was so great, that they utterly refused to leave
me there with the others, although the Governor offered them one
hundred pounds Sterling for me, on purpose to give me a parole to
go home. Several English gentlemen there, being sensible of my
adverse fortune, and touched with human sympathy, generously
offered a friendly supply for my wants, which I refused, with many
thanks for their kindness; adding, that I never expected it would
be in my power to recompense such unmerited generosity.

The Indians left my men in captivity with the British
at Detroit, and on the tenth day of April brought me towards
Old Chelicothe, where we arrived on the twenty-fifth day of the
same month. This was a long and fatiguing march, through
an exceeding fertile country, remarkable for fine springs and
streams of water. At Chelicothe I spent my time as comfortably as
I could expect; was adopted, accordin to their custom, into a
family where I became a son, and had a great share in the affection
of my new parents, brothers, sisters, and friends. I was
exceedingly familiar and friendly with them, always appearing as
chearful and satisfied as possible, and they put great confidence
in me. I often went a hunting with them, and frequently gained
their applause for my activity at our shooting-matches. I was
careful not to exceed many of them in shooting; for no people are
more envious than they in this sport. I could observe, in their
countenances and gestures, the greatest expressions of joy when
they exceeded me; and, when the reverse happened, of envy. The
Shawanese king took great notice of me, and treated me with
profound respect, and entire friendship, often entrusting me to
hunt at my liberty. I frequently returned with the spoils of the
woods, and as often presented some of what I had taken to him,
expressive of duty to my sovereign. My food and lodging was, in
common, with them, not so good indeed as I could desire, but
necessity made every thing acceptable.

I now began to meditate an escape, and carefully avoided their
suspicions, continuing with them at Old Chelicothe until the first
day of June following, and then was taken by them to the salt
springs on Sciotha, and kept there, making salt, ten days. During
this time I hunted some for them, and found the land, for a great
extent about this river, to exceed the soil of Kentucke, if
possible, and remarkably well watered.
When I returned to Chelicothe, alarmed to see four hundred and
fifty Indians, of their choicest warriors, painted and armed in a
fearful manner, ready to march against Boonsborough, I determined
to escape the first opportunity.

On the sixteenth, before sun-rise, I departed in the most secret
manner, and arrived at Boonsborough on the twentieth, after a
journey of one hundred and sixty miles; during which, I had but one
meal.

I found our fortress in a bad state of defence, but we proceeded
immediately to repair our flanks, strengthen our gates and
posterns, and form double bastions, which we compleated in ten
days. In this time we daily expected the arrival of the Indian
army; and at length, one of my fellow prisoners, escaping from
them, arrived, informing us that the enemy had an account of my
departure, and postponed their expedition three weeks.--The Indians
had spies out viewing our movements, and were greatly alarmed with
our increase in number and fortifications. The Grand Councils of
the nations were held frequently, and with more deliberation than
usual. They evidently saw the approaching hour when the Long Knife
would disposess them of their desirable habitations; and anxiously
concerned for futurity, determined utterly to extirpate the whites
out of Kentucke. We were not intimidated by their movements, but
frequently gave them proofs of our courage.

About the first of August, I made an incursion into the Indian
country, with a party of nineteen men, in order to surprise a small
town up Sciotha, called Paint-Creek-Town. We advanced within four
miles thereof, where we met a party of thirty Indians, on their
march against Boonsborough, intending to join the others
from Chelicothe. A smart fight ensued betwixt us for some time: At
length the savages gave way, and fled. We had no loss on our side:
The enemy had one killed, and two wounded. We took from them three
horses, and all their baggage; and being informed, by two of our
number that went to their town, that the Indians had entirely
evacuated it, we proceeded no further, and returned with all
possible expedition to assist our garrison against the other party.
We passed by them on the sixth day, and on the seventh, we arrived
safe at Boonsborough.

On the eighth, the Indian army arrived, being four hundred and
forty-four in number, commanded by Capt. Duquesne, eleven other
Frenchmen, and some of their own chiefs, and marched up within view
of our fort, with British and French colours flying; and having
sent a summons to me, in his Britannick Majesty's name, to
surrender the fort, I requested two days consideration, which was
granted.

It was now a critical period with us.--We were a small number in
the garrison.--A powerful army before our walls, whose appearance
proclaimed inevitable death, fearfully painted, and marking their
footsteps with desolation. Death was preferable to captivity; and
if taken by storm, we must inevitably be devoted to destruction. In
this situation we concluded to maintain our garrison, if possible.
We immediately proceeded to collect what we could of our horses,
and other cattle, and bring them through the posterns into the
fort: And in the evening of the ninth, I returned answer, that we
were determined to defend our fort while a man was living--Now,
said I to their commander, who stood attentively hearing my
sentiments, We laugh at all your formidable preparations: But thank
you for giving us notice and time to provide for our defence. Your
efforts will not prevail; for our gates shall for ever deny you
admittance.--Whether this answer affected their courage, or not, I
cannot tell; but, contrary to our expectations, they formed a
scheme to deceive us, declaring it was their orders, from Governor
Hamilton, to take us captives, and not to destroy us; but if nine
of us would come out, and treat with them, they would immediatly
withdraw their forces from our walls, and return home peaceably.
This sounded grateful in our ears; and we agreed to the proposal.

We held the treaty within sixty yards of the garrison, on purpose
to divert them from a breach of honour, as we could not avoid
suspicions of the savages. In this situation the articles were
formally agreed to, and signed; and the Indians told us it was
customary with them, on such occasions, for two Indians to shake
hands with every white-man in the treaty, as an evidence of entire
friendship. We agreed to this also, but were soon convinced their
policy was to take us prisoners.--They immediately grappled us;
but, although surrounded by hundreds of savages, we extricated
ourselves from them, and escaped all safe into the garrison, except
one that was wounded, through a heavy fire from their army. They
immediately attacked us on every side, and a constant heavy fire
ensued between us day and night for the space of nine days.

In this time the enemy began to undermine our fort, which was
situated sixty yards from Kentucke river. They began at the water-
mark and proceeded in the bank some distance, which we understood
by their making the water muddy with the clay; and we immediately
proceeded to disappoint their design, by cutting a trench across
their subterranean passage. The enemy discovering our counter-mine,
by the clay we threw out of the fort, desisted from that stratagem:
And experience now fully convincing them that neither their power
nor policy could effect their purpose, on the twentieth day of
August they raised the siege, and departed.

During this dreadful siege, which threatened death in every form,
we had two men killed, and four wounded, besides a number of
cattle. We killed of the enemy thirty-seven, and wounded a great
number. After they were gone, we picked up one hundred and twenty-
five pounds weight of bullets, besides what stuck in the logs of
our fort; which certainly is a great proof of their industry. Soon
after this, I went into the settlement, and nothing worthy of a
place in this account passed in my affairs for some time.

During my absence from Kentucke, Col. Bowman carried on an
expedition against the Shawanese, at Old Chelicothe, with one
hundred and sixty men, in July, 1779. Here they arrived
undiscovered, and a battle ensued, which lasted until ten o'clock,
A. M. when Col. Bowman, finding he could not succeed at this time,
retreated about thirty miles. The Indians, in the meantime,
collecting all their forces, pursued and overtook him, when a smart
fight continued near two hours, not to the advantage of Col.
Bowman's party.

Col. Harrod proposed to mount a number of horse, and furiously
to rush upon the savages, who at this time fought with remarkable
fury. This desperate step had a happy effect, broke their line of
battle, and the savages fled on all sides. In these two battles we
had nine killed, and one wounded. The enemy's loss uncertain, only
two scalps being taken.

On the twenty-second day of June, 1780, a large party of Indians
and Canadians, about six hundred in number, commanded by Col. Bird,
attacked Riddle's and Martin's stations, at the Forks of Licking
River, with six pieces of artillery. They carried this expedition
so secretly, that the unwary inhabitants did not discover them,
until they fired upon the forts; and, not being prepared to oppose
them, were obliged to surrender themselves miserable captives to
barbarous savages, who immediately after tomahawked one man and two
women, and loaded all the others with heavy baggage, forcing them
along toward their towns, able or unable to march. Such as were
weak and faint by the way, they tomahawked. The tender women, and
helpless children, fell victims to their cruelty. This, and the
savage treatment they received afterwards, is shocking to humanity,
and too barbarous to relate.

The hostile disposition of the savages, and their allies, caused
General Clark, the commandant at the Falls of the Ohio, immediately
to begin an expedition with his own regiment, and the armed force
of the country, against Pecaway, the principal town of the
Shawanese, on a branch of Great Miami, which he finished with great
success, took seventeen scalps, and burnt the town to ashes, with
the loss of seventeen men.

About this time I returned to Kentucke with my family; and here,
to avoid an enquiry into my conduct, the reader being before
informed of my bringing my family to Kentucke, I am under the
necessity of informing him that, during my captivity with the
Indians, my wife, who despaired of ever seeing me again, expecting
the Indians had put a period to my life, oppressed with the
distresses of the country, and bereaved of me, her only happiness,
had, before I returned, transported my family and goods, on horses,
through the wilderness, amidst a multitude of dangers, to her
father's house, in North-Carolina.

Shortly after the troubles at Boonsborough, I went to them, and
lived peaceably there until this time. The history of my going
home, and returning with my family, forms a series of difficulties,
an account of which would swell a volume, and being foreign to my
purpose, I shall purposely omit them.

I settled my family in Boonsborough once more; and shortly after,
on the sixth day of October, 1780, I went in company with my
brother to the Blue Licks; and, on our return home, we were fired
upon by a party of Indians. They shot him, and pursued me, by the
scent of their dog, three miles; but I killed the dog, and escaped.
The winter soon came on, and was very severe, which confined the
Indians to their wigwams.

The severity of this Winter caused great difficulties in
Kentucke. The enemy had destroyed most of the corn, the Summer
before. This necessary article was scarce, and dear; and the
inhabitants lived chiefly on the flesh of buffaloes. The
circumstances of many were very lamentable: However, being a hardy
race of people, and accustomed to difficulties and necessities,
they were wonderfully supported through all their sufferings, until
the ensuing Fall, when we received abundance from the fertile soil.

Towards Spring, we were frequently harassed by Indians; and, in
May, 1782, a party assaulted Ashton's station, killed one man, and
took a Negro prisoner. Capt. Ashton, with twenty-five men, pursued,
and overtook the savages, and a smart fight ensued, which lasted
two hours; but they being superior in number, obliged Captain
Ashton's party to retreat, with the loss of eight killed, and four
mortally wounded; their brave commander himself being numbered
among the dead.

The Indians continued their hostilities; and, about the tenth of
August following, two boys were taken from Major Hoy's
station. This party was pursued by Capt. Holder and seventeen men,
who were also defeated, with the loss of four men killed, and one
wounded. Our affairs became more and more alarming. Several
stations which had lately been erected in the country were
continually infested with savages, stealing their horses and
killing the men at every opportunity. In a field, near Lexington,
an Indian shot a man, and running to scalp him, was himself shot
from the fort, and fell dead upon his enemy.

Every day we experienced recent mischiefs. The barbarous savage
nations of Shawanese, Cherokees, Wyandots, Tawas, Delawares, and
several others near Detroit, united in a war against us, and
assembled their choicest warriors at old Chelicothe, to go on the
expedition, in order to destroy us, and entirely depopulate the
country. Their savage minds were inflamed to mischief by two
abandoned men, Captains McKee and Girty. These led them to execute
every diabolical scheme; and, on the fifteenth day of August,
commanded a party of Indians and Canadians, of about five hundred
in number, against Briant's station, five miles from Lexington.
Without demanding a surrender, they furiously assaulted the
garrison, which was happily prepared to oppose them; and, after
they had expended much ammunition in vain, and killed the cattle
round the fort, not being likely to make themselves masters of this
place, they raised the siege, and departed in the morning of the
third day after they came, with the loss of about thirty killed,
and the number of wounded uncertain.--Of the garrison four were
killed, and three wounded.

On the eighteenth day Col. Todd, Col. Trigg, Major Harland, and
myself, speedily collected one hundred and seventy-six men, well
armed, and pursued the savages. They had marched beyond the Blue
Licks to a remarkable bend of the main fork of Licking River, about
forty-three miles from Lexington, as it is particularly represented
in the map, where we overtook them on the nineteenth day. The
savages observing us, gave way; and we, being ignorant of their
numbers, passed the river. When the enemy saw our proceedings,
having greatly the advantage of us in situation, they formed the
line of battle, represented in the map, from one bend of Licking to
the other, about a mile from the Blue Licks. An exceeding fierce
battle immediately began, for about fifteen minutes, when we, being
over-powered by numbers, were obliged to retreat, with the loss of
sixty-seven men; seven of whom were taken prisoners. The brave and
much lamented Colonels Todd and Trigg, Major Harland and my second
son, were among the dead. We were informed that the Indians,
numbering their dead, found they had four killed more than we; and
therefore, four of the prisoners they had taken, were, by general
consent, ordered to be killed, in a most barbarous manner, by the
young warriors, in order to train them up to cruelty; and then they
proceeded to their towns.

On our retreat we were met by Col. Logan, hastening to join us,
with a number of well armed men: This powerful assistance we
unfortunately wanted in the battle; for, notwithstanding the
enemy's superiority of numbers, they acknowledged that, if they had
received one more fire from us, they should undoubtedly have given
way. So valiantly did our small party fight, that, to the memory of
those who unfortunately fell in the battle, enough of honour cannot
be paid. Had Col. Logan and his party been with us, it is highly
probable we should have given the savages a total defeat.

I cannot reflect upon this dreadful scene, but sorrow fills my
heart. A zeal for the defence of their country led these heroes to
the scene of action, though with a few men to attack a powerful
army of experienced warriors. When we gave way, they pursued us
with the utmost eagerness, and in every quarter spread destruction.
The river was difficult to cross, and many were killed in the
flight, some just entering the river, some in the water, others
after crossing in ascending the cliffs. Some escaped on horse-back,
a few on foot; and, being dispersed every where, in a few hours,
brought the melancholy news of this unfortunate battle to
Lexington. Many widows were now made. The reader may guess what
sorrow filled the hearts of the inhabitants, exceeding any thing
that I am able to describe. Being reinforced, we returned to bury
the dead, and found their bodies strewed every where, cut and
mangled in a dreadful manner. This mournful scene exhibited a
horror almost unparalleled: Some torn and eaten by wild beasts;
those in the river eaten by fishes; all in such a putrified
condition, that no one could be distinguished from another.

As soon as General Clark, then at the Falls of the Ohio, who was
ever our ready friend, and merits the love and gratitude of all his
country-men, understood the circumstances of this unfortunate
action, he ordered an expedition, with all possible haste, to
pursue the savages, which was so expeditiously effected, that we
overtook them within two miles of their towns, and probably might
have obtained a great victory, had not two of their number met us
about two hundred poles before we come up. These returned quick as
lightening to their camp with the alarming news of a mighty army in
view. The savages fled in the utmost disorder, evacuated their
towns, and reluctantly left their territory to our mercy. We
immediately took possession of Old Chelicothe without opposition,
being deserted by its inhabitants. We continued our pursuit through
five towns on the Miami rivers, Old Chelicothe, Pecaway, New
Chelicothe, Will's Towns, and Chelicothe, burnt them all to ashes,
entirely destroyed their corn, and other fruits, and every where
spread a scene of desolation in the country. In this expedition we
took seven prisoners and five scalps, with the loss of only four
men, two of whom were accidentally killed by our own army.

This campaign in some measure damped the spirits of the Indians,
and made them sensible of our superiority. Their connections were
dissolved, their armies scattered, and a future invasion put
entirely out of their power; yet they continued to practise
mischief secretly upon the inhabitants, in the exposed parts of the
country.

In October following, a party made an excursion into that
district called the Crab Orchard, and one of them, being advanced
some distance before the others, boldly entered the house of a poor
defenceless family, in which was only a Negro man, a woman and her
children, terrified with the apprehensions of immediate death. The
savage, perceiving their defenceless situation, without offering
violence to the family attempted to captivate the Negro, who,
happily proved an over-match for him, threw him on the ground, and,
in the struggle, the mother of the children drew an ax from a
corner of the cottage, and cut his head off, while her little
daughter shut the door. The savages instantly appeared, and applied
their tomahawks to the door. An old rusty gun-barrel, without a
lock, lay in a corner, which the mother put through a small
crevice, and the savages, perceiving it, fled. In the mean time,
the alarm spread through the neighbourhood; the armed men collected
immediately, and pursued the ravagers into the wilderness. Thus
Providence, by the means of this Negro, saved the whole of the poor
family from destruction. From that time, until the happy return of
peace between the United States and Great-Britain, the Indians did
us no mischief. Finding the great king beyond the water
disappointed in his expectations, and conscious of the importance
of the Long Knife, and their own wretchedness, some of the nations
immediately desired peace; to which, at present, they seem
universally disposed, and are sending ambassadors to General Clark,
at the Falls of the Ohio, with the minutes of their Councils, a
specimen of which, in the minutes of the Piankashaw Council, is
subjoined.

To conclude, I can now say that I have verified the saying of an
old Indian who signed Col. Henderson's deed. Taking me by the hand,
at the delivery thereof, Brother, says he, we have given you a fine
land, but I believe you will have much trouble in settling it.--My
footsteps have often been marked with blood, and therefore I can
truly subscribe to its original name. Two darling sons, and a
brother, have I lost by savage hands, which have also taken from me
forty valuable horses, and abundance of cattle. Many dark and
sleepless nights have I been a companion for owls, separated from
the chearful society of men, scorched by the Summer's sun, and
pinched by the Winter's cold, an instrument ordained to settle the
wilderness. But now the scene is changed: Peace crowns the sylvan
shade.


What thanks, what ardent and ceaseless thanks are due to that
all-superintending Providence which has turned a cruel war into
peace, brought order out of confusion, made the fierce savages
placid, and turned away their hostile weapons from our country! May
the same Almighty Goodness banish the accursed monster, war, from
all lands, with her hated associates, rapine and insatiable
ambition. Let peace, descending from her native heaven, bid her
olives spring amidst the joyful nations; and plenty, in league with
commerce, scatter blessings from her copious hand.

This account of my adventures will inform the reader of the most
remarkable events of this country.--I now live in peace and safety,
enjoying the sweets of liberty, and the bounties of Providence,
with my once fellow-sufferers, in this delightful country, which I
have seen purchased with a vast expence of blood and treasure,
delighting in the prospect of its being, in a short time, one of
the most opulent and powerful states on the continent of North-
America; which, with the love and gratitude of my country-men, I
esteem a sufficient reward for all my toil and dangers.

Fayette county, Kentucke.

DANIEL BOON





End of The Project Gutenberg Etext of Adventures of Col. Daniel Boone






Scanned by Charles Keller with
OmniPage Professional OCR software
donated by Caere Corporation, 1-800-535-7226.
Contact Mike Lough <Mikel@caere.com>

ONE BASKET

THIRTY-ONE
SHORT STORIES

BY EDNA FERBER



INTRODUCTION                               ix
THE WOMAN WHO TRIED TO BE GOOD              1
THE GAY OLD DOG                            11
THAT'S MARRIAGE                            29
FARMER IN THE DELL                         49
UN MORSO DOO PANG                          68
LONG DISTANCE                              89
THE MATERNAL FEMININE                      94
 . . . . remainder not included





The Woman Who Tried to Be Good
[1913]


Before she tried to be a good woman she had been a very bad
woman--so bad that she could trail her wonderful apparel up and
down Main Street, from the Elm Tree Bakery to the railroad
tracks, without once having a man doff his hat to her or a woman
bow.  You passed her on the street with a surreptitious glance,
though she was well worth looking at-- in her furs and laces and
plumes.  She had the only full-length mink coat in our town, and
Ganz's shoe store sent to Chicago for her shoes.  Hers were the
miraculously small feet you frequently see in stout women.

Usually she walked alone; but on rare occasions, especially round
Christmastime, she might have been seen accompanied by some
silent, dull-eyed, stupid-looking girl, who would follow her
dumbly in and out of stores, stopping now and then to admire a
cheap comb or a chain set with flashy imitation stones--or,
queerly enough, a doll with yellow hair and blue eyes and very
pink cheeks.  But, alone or in company, her appearance in the
stores of our town was the signal for a sudden jump in the cost
of living. The storekeepers mulcted her; and she knew it and paid
in silence, for she was of the class that has no redress.  She
owned the House with the Closed Shutters, near the freight
depot--did Blanche Devine.

In a larger town than ours she would have passed unnoticed.  She
did not look like a bad woman.  Of course she used too much
make-up, and as she passed you caught the oversweet breath of a
certain heavy scent.  Then, too, her diamond eardrops would have
made any woman's features look hard; but her plump face, in spite
of its heaviness, wore an expression of good-humored
intelligence, and her eyeglasses gave her somehow a look of
respectability.  We do not associate vice with eyeglasses.  So in
a large city she would have passed for a well-dressed,
prosperous, comfortable wife and mother who was in danger of
losing her figure from an overabundance of good living; but with
us she was a town character, like Old Man Givins, the drunkard,
or the weak-minded Binns girl.  When she passed the drug- store
corner there would be a sniggering among the vacant-eyed loafers
idling there, and they would leer at each other and jest in
undertones.

So, knowing Blanche Devine as we did, there was something
resembling a riot in one of our most respectable neighborhoods
when it was learned that she had given up her interest in the
house near the freight depot and was going to settle down in the
white cottage on the corner and be good.  All the husbands in the
block, urged on by righteously indignant wives, dropped in on
Alderman Mooney after supper to see if the thing could not be
stopped.  The fourth of the protesting husbands to arrive was the
Very Young Husband who lived next door to the corner cottage that
Blanche Devine had bought.  The Very Young Husband had a Very
Young Wife, and they were the joint owners of Snooky.  Snooky was
three-going- on-four, and looked something like an angel--only
healthier and with grimier hands.  The whole neighborhood
borrowed her and tried to spoil her; but Snooky would not spoil.

Alderman Mooney was down in the cellar, fooling with the furnace.

He was in his furnace overalls; a short black pipe in his mouth. 
Three protesting husbands had just left.  As the Very Young
Husband, following Mrs. Mooney's directions, descended the cellar
stairs, Alderman Mooney looked up from his tinkering.  He peered
through a haze of pipe smoke.

"Hello!" he called, and waved the haze away with his open palm.

"Come on down!  Been tinkering with this blamed furnace since
supper.  She don't draw like she ought.  'Long toward spring a
furnace always gets balky.  How many tons you used this winter?"

"Oh-five," said the Very Young Husband shortly.  Alderman
Mooney considered it thoughtfully.  The Young Husband leaned up
against the side of the water tank, his hands in his pockets. 
"Say, Mooney, is that right about Blanche Devine's having bought
the house on the corner?"

"You're the fourth man that's been in to ask me that this
evening.  I'm expecting the rest of the block before bedtime. 
She bought it all right."

The Young Husband flushed and kicked at a piece of coal with the
toe of his boot.

"Well, it's a darned shame!" he began hotly.  "Jen was ready
to cry at supper.  This'll be a fine neighborhood for Snooky to
grow up in!  What's a woman like that want to come into a
respectable street for, anyway?  I own my home and pay my
taxes--"

Alderman Mooney looked up.

"So does she," he interrupted.  "She's going to improve the
place--paint it, and put in a cellar and a furnace, and build a
porch, and lay a cement walk all round."

The Young Husband took his hands out of his pockets in order to
emphasize his remarks with gestures.

"Whati's that got to do with it?  I don't care if she puts in
diamonds for windows and sets out Italian gardens and a terrace
with peacocks on it. You're the alderman of this ward, aren't
you?  Well, it was up to you to keep her out of this block!  You
could have fixed it with an injunction or somethng.  I'm going to
get up a petition--that's what I'm going----"

Alderman Mooney closed the furnace door with a bang that drowned
the rest of the threat.  He turned the draft in a pipe overhead
and brushed his sooty palms briskly together like one who would
put an end to a profitless conversation.

"She's bought the house," he said mildly, "and paid for it. 
And it's hers. She's got a right to live in this neighborhood as
long as she acts respectable."

The Very Young Husband laughed.

"She won't last!  They never do."

Alderman Mooney had taken his pipe out of his mouth and was
rubbing his thumb over the smooth bowl, looking down at it with
unseeing eyes. On his face was a queer look--the look of one who
is embarrassed because he is about to say something honest.

"Look here!  I want to tell you something:  I happened to be up
in the mayor's office the day Blanche signed for the place.  She
had to go through a lot of red tape before she got it--had quite
a time of it, she did!  And say, kid, that woman ain't so--bad."

The Very Young Husband exclaimed impatiently:

"Oh, don't give me any of that, Mooney!  Blanche Devine's a town
character.  Even the kids know what she is.  If she's got
religion or something, and wants to quit and be decent, why
doesn't she go to another town-- Chicago or someplace--where
nobody knows her?"

That motion of Alderman Mooney's thumb against the smooth pipe
bowl stopped.  He looked up slowly.

"That's what I said--the mayor too.  But Blanche Devine said she
wanted to try it here.  She said this was home to her. 
Funny--ain't it?  Said she wouldn't be fooling anybody here. 
They know her.  And if she moved away, she said, it'd leak out
some way sooner or later.  It does, she said. Always!  Seems she
wants to live like--well, like other women.  She put it like
this: she says she hasn't got religion, or any of that.  She says
she's no different than she was when she was twenty.  She says
that for the last ten years the ambition of her life has been to
be able to go into a grocery store and ask the price of, say,
celery; and, if the clerk charged her ten when it ought to be
seven, to be able to sass him with a regular piece of her mind--
and then sail out and trade somewhere else until he saw that she
didn't have to stand anything from storekeepers, any more than
any other woman that did her own marketing.  She's a smart woman,
Blanche is!  God knows I ain't taking her part--exactly; but she
talked a little, and the mayor and me got a little of her
history."

A sneer appeared on the face of the Very Young Husband.  He had
been known before he met Jen as a rather industrious sower of
wild oats.  He knew a thing or two, did the Very Young Husband,
in spite of his youth! He always fussed when Jen wore even a
V-necked summer gown on the street.

"Oh, she wasn't playing for sympathy," went on Alderman Mooney
in answer to the sneer.  "She said she'd always paid her way and
always expected to.  Seems her husband left her without a cent
when she was eighteen--with a baby.  She worked for four dollars
a week in a cheap eating house.  The two of 'em couldn't live on
that.  Then the baby----"

"Good night!" said the Very Young Husband.  "I suppose Mrs.
Mooney's going to call?"

"Minnie!  It was her scolding all through supper that drove me
down to monkey with the furnace.  She's wild--Minnie is."  He
peeled off his overalls and hung them on a nail.  The Young
Husband started to ascend the cellar stairs.  Alderman Mooney
laid a detaining finger on his sleeve.  "Don't say anything in
front of Minnie!  She's boiling!  Minnie and the kids are going
to visit her folks out West this summer; so I wouldn't so much as
dare to say `Good morning!' to the Devine woman.  Anyway, a
person wouldn't talk to her, I suppose.  But I kind of thought
I'd tell you about her.

"Thanks!" said the Very Young Husband dryly.

In the early spring, before Blanche Devine moved in, there came
stone- masons, who began to build something.  It was a great
stone fireplace that rose in massive incongruity at the side of
the little white cottage.  Blanche Devine was trying to make a
home for herself.

Blanche Devine used to come and watch them now and then as the
work progressed.  She had a way of walking round and round the
house, looking up at it and poking at plaster and paint with her
umbrella or finger tip.  One day she brought with her a man with
a spade.  He spaded up a neat square of ground at the side of the
cottage and a long ridge near the fence that separated her yard
from that of the Very Young Couple next door.  The ridge spelled
sweet peas and nasturtiums to our small-town eyes.

On the day that Blanche Devine moved in there was wild agitation
among the white-ruffed bedroom curtains of the neighborhood. 
Later on certain odors, as of burning dinners, pervaded the
atmosphere.  Blanche Devine, flushed and excited, her hair
slightly askew, her diamond eardrops flashing, directed the
moving, wrapped in her great fur coat; but on the third morning
we gasped when she appeared out-of-doors, carrying a little
household ladder, a pail of steaming water, and sundry voluminous
white cloths.  She reared the little ladder against the side of
the house, mounted it cautiously, and began to wash windows with
housewifely thoroughness. Her stout figure was swathed in a gray
sweater and on her head was a battered felt hat--the sort of
window--washing costume that has been worn by women from time
immemorial.  We noticed that she used plenty of hot water and
clean rags, and that she rubbed the glass until it sparkled,
leaning perilously sideways on the ladder to detect elusive
streaks.  Our keenest housekeeping eye could find no fault with
the way Blanche Devine washed windows.

By May, Blanche Devine had left off her diamond eardrops--perhaps
it was their absence that gave her face a new expression.  When
she went downtown we noticed that her hats were more like the
hats the other women in our town wore; but she still affected
extravagant footgear, as is right and proper for a stout woman
who has cause to be vain of her feet. We noticed that her trips
downtown were rare that spring and summer. She used to come home
laden with little bundles; and before supper she would change her
street clothes for a neat, washable housedress, as is our thrifty
custom.  Through her bright windows we could see her moving
briskly about from kitchen to sitting room; and from the smells
that floated out from her kitchen door, she seemed to be
preparing for her solitary supper the same homely viands that
were frying or stewing or baking in our kitchens.  Sometimes you
could detect the delectable scent of browning, hot tea biscuit. 
It takes a determined woman to make tea biscuit for no one but
herself.

Blanche Devine joined the church.  On the first Sunday morning
she came to the service there was a little flurry among the
ushers at the vestibule door.  They seated her well in the rear. 
The second Sunday morning a dreadful thing happened.  The woman
next to whom they seated her turned, regarded her stonily for a
moment, then rose agitatedly and moved to a pew across the aisle.

Blanche Devine's face went a dull red beneath her white powder. 
She never came again--though we saw the minister visit her once
or twice.  She always accompanied him to the door pleasantly,
holding it well open until he was down the little flight of steps
and on the sidewalk.  The minister's wife did not call.

She rose early, like the rest of us; and as summer came on we
used to see her moving about in her little garden patch in the
dewy, golden morning. She wore absurd pale-blue negligees that
made her stout figure loom immense against the greenery of garden
and apple tree.  The neighborhood women viewed these negligees
with Puritan disapproval as they smoothed down their own prim,
starched gingham skirts.  They said it was disgusting --and
perhaps it was; but the habit of years is not easily overcome. 
Blanche Devine--snipping her sweet peas, peering anxiously at the
Virginia creeper that clung with such fragile fingers to the
trellis, watering the flower baskets that hung from her
porch--was blissfully unconscious of the disapproving eyes.  I
wish one of us had just stopped to call good morning to her over
the fence, and to say in our neighborly, small-town way:  "My,
ain't this a scorcher!  So early too!  It'll be fierce by noon!"

But we did not.

I think perhaps the evenings must have been the loneliest for
her.  The summer evenings in our little town are filled with
intimate, human, neighborly sounds.  After the heat of the day it
is pleasant to relax in the cool comfort of the front porch, with
the life of the town eddying about us.  We sew and read out there
until it grows dusk.  We call across lots to our next- door
neighbor.  The men water the lawns and the flower boxes and get
together in little, quiet groups to discuss the new street
paving.  I have even known Mrs. Hines to bring her cherries out
there when she had canning to do, and pit them there on the front
porch partially shielded by her porch vine, but not so
effectually that she was deprived of the sights and sounds about
her.  The kettle in her lap and the dishpan full of great ripe
cherries on the porch floor by her chair, she would pit and chat
and peer out through the vines, the red juice staining her plump
bare arms.

I have wondered since what Blanche Devine thought of us those
lonesome evenings--those evenings filled with friendly sights and
sounds.  It must have been difficult for her, who had dwelt
behind closed shutters so long, to seat herself on the new front
porch for all the world to stare at; but she did sit
there--resolutely--watching us in silence.

She seized hungrily upon the stray crumbs of conversation that
fell to her.  The milkman and the iceman and the butcher boy used
to hold daily conversation with her.  They--sociable
gentlemen--would stand on her door- step, one grimy hand resting
against the white of her doorpost, exchanging the time of day
with Blanche in the doorway--a tea towel in one hand, perhaps,
and a plate in the other.  Her little house was a miracle of
cleanliness.  It was no uncommon sight to see her down on her
knees on the kitchen floor, wielding her brush and rag like the
rest of us.  In canning and preserving time there floated out
from her kitchen the pungent scent of pickled crab apples; the
mouth-watering smell that meant sweet pickles; or the cloying,
divinely sticky odor that meant raspberry jam.  Snooky, from her
side of the fence, often used to peer through the pickets, gazing
in the direction of the enticing smells next door.

Early one September morning there floated out from Blanche
Devine's kitchen that fragrant, sweet scent of fresh-baked
cookies--cookies with butter in them, and spice, and with nuts on
top.  Just by the smell of them your mind's eye pictured them
coming from the oven-crisp brown circlets, crumbly, delectable. 
Snooky, in her scarlet sweater and cap, sniffed them from afar
and straightway deserted her sand pile to take her stand at the
fence.  She peered through the restraining bars, standing on
tiptoe.  Blanche Devine, glancing up from her board and rolling
pin, saw the eager golden head.  And Snooky, with guile in her
heart, raised one fat, dimpled hand above the fence and waved it
friendlily.  Blanche Devine waved back.  Thus encouraged,
Snooky's two hands wigwagged frantically above the pickets.
Blanche Devine hesitated a moment, her floury hand on her hip. 
Then she went to the pantry shelf and took out a clean white
saucer.  She selected from the brown jar on the table three of
the brownest, crumbliest, most perfect cookies, with a walnut
meat perched atop of each, placed them temptingly on the saucer
and, descending the steps, came swiftly across the grass to the
triumphant Snooky.  Blanche Devine held out the saucer, her lips
smiling, her eyes tender.  Snooky reached up with one plump white
arm.

"Snooky!" shrilled a high voice.  "Snooky!"  A voice of
horror and of wrath.  "Come here to me this minute!  And don't
you dare to touch those!" Snooky hesitated rebelliously, one
pink finger in her pouting mouth.

"Snooky!  Do you hear me?"

And the Very Young Wife began to descend the steps of her back
porch. Snooky, regretful eyes on the toothsome dainties, turned
away aggrieved. The Very Young Wife, her lips set, her eyes
flashing, advanced and seized the shrieking Snooky by one arm and
dragged her away toward home and safety.

Blanche Devine stood there at the fence, holding the saucer in
her hand. The saucer tipped slowly, and the three cookies slipped
off and fell to the grass.  Blanche Devine stood staring at them
a moment.  Then she turned quickly, went into the house, and shut
the door.

It was about this time we noticed that Blanche Devine was away
much of the time.  The little white cottage would be empty for
weeks.  We knew she was out of town because the expressman would
come for her trunk. We used to lift our eyebrows significantly. 
The newspapers and handbills would accumulate in a dusty little
heap on the porch; but when she returned there was always a grand
cleaning, with the windows open, and Blanche--her head bound
turbanwise in a towel--appearing at a window every few minutes to
shake out a dustcloth.  She seemed to put an enormous amount of
energy into those cleanings--as if they were a sort of safety
valve.

As winter came on she used to sit up before her grate fire long,
long after we were asleep in our beds.  When she neglected to
pull down the shades we could see the flames of her cosy fire
dancing gnomelike on the wall. 
There came a night of sleet and snow, and wind and rattling
hail--one of those blustering, wild nights that are followed by
morning-paper reports of trains stalled in drifts, mail delayed,
telephone and telegraph wires down.  It must have been midnight
or past when there came a hammering at Blanche Devine's door--a
persistent, clamorous rapping.  Blanche Devine, sitting before
her dying fire half asleep, started and cringed when she heard
it, then jumped to her feet, her hand at her breast--her eyes
darting this way and that, as though seeking escape.

She had heard a rapping like that before.  It had meant bluecoats
swarming up the stairway, and frightened cries and pleadings, and
wild confusion. So she started forward now, quivering.  And then
she remembered, being wholly awake now--she remembered, and threw
up her head and smiled a little bitterly and walked toward the
door.  The hammering continued, louder than ever.  Blanche Devine
flicked on the porch light and opened the door.  The half-clad
figure of the Very Young Wife next door staggered into the room. 
She seized Blanche Devine's arm with both her frenzied hands and
shook her, the wind and snow beating in upon both of them.

"The baby!" she screamed in a high, hysterical voice.  "The
baby!  The baby----!"

Blanche Devine shut the door and shook the Young Wife smartly by
the shoulders.

"Stop screaming," she said quietly.  "Is she sick?"

The Young Wife told her, her teeth chattering:

"Come quick!  She's dying!  Will's out of town.  I tried to get
the doctor. The telephone wouldn't---- I saw your light!  For
God's sake----"

Blanche Devine grasped the Young Wife's arm, opened the door, and
together they sped across the little space that separated the two
houses. Blanche Devine was a big woman, but she took the stairs
like a girl and found the right bedroom by some miraculous woman
instinct.  A dreadful choking, rattling sound was coming from
Snooky's bed.

"Croup," said Blanche Devine, and began her fight.

It was a good fight.  She marshaled her inadequate forces, made
up of the half-fainting Young Wife and the terrified and awkward
hired girl.

"Get the hot water on--lots of it!"  Blanche Devine pinned up
her sleeves. "Hot cloths!  Tear up a sheet--or anything!  Got an
oilstove?  I want a tea- kettle boiling in the room.  She's got
to have the steam.  If that don't do it we'll raise an umbrella
over her and throw a sheet over, and hold the kettle under till
the steam gets to her that way.  Got any ipecac?"

The Young Wife obeyed orders, white-faced and shaking.  Once
Blanche Devine glanced up at her sharply.

"Don't you dare faint!" she commanded.

And the fight went on.  Gradually the breathing that had been so
frightful became softer, easier.  Blanche Devine did not relax. 
It was not until the little figure breathed gently in sleep that
Blanche Devine sat back, satisfied.  Then she tucked a cover at
the side of the bed, took a last satisfied look at the face on
the pillow, and turned to look at the wan, disheveled Young Wife.

"She's all right now.  We can get the doctor when morning
comes-- though I don't know's you'll need him."

The Young Wife came round to Blanche Devine's side of the bed and
stood looking up at her.

"My baby died," said Blanche Devine simply.  The Young Wife
gave a little inarticulate cry, put her two hands on Blanche
Devine's broad shoulders, and laid her tired head on her breast.

"I guess I'd better be going," said Blanche Devine.

The Young Wife raised her head.  Her eyes were round with fright.

"Going!  Oh, please stay!  I'm so afraid.  Suppose she should
take sick again!  That awful--breathing----"

"I'll stay if you want me to."

"Oh, please!  I'll make up your bed and you can rest----"

"I'm not sleepy.  I'm not much of a hand to sleep anyway.  I'll
sit up here in the hall, where there's a light.  You get to bed. 
I'll watch and see that everything's all right.  Have you got
something I can read out here--something kind of lively--with a
love story in it?"

So the night went by.  Snooky slept in her white bed.  The Very
Young Wife half dozed in her bed, so near the little one.  In the
hall, her stout figure looming grotesque in wall shadows, sat
Blanche Devine, pretending to read.  Now and then she rose and
tiptoed into the bedroom with miraculous quiet, and stooped over
the little bed and listened and looked--and tiptoed away again,
satisfied.

The Young Husband came home from his business trip next day with
tales of snowdrifts and stalled engines.  Blanche Devine breathed
a sigh of relief when she saw him from her kitchen window.  She
watched the house now with a sort of proprietary eye.  She
wondered about Snooky; but she knew better than to ask.  So she
waited.  The Young Wife next door had told her husband all about
that awful night--had told him with tears and sobs.  The Very
Young Husband had been very, very angry with her-- angry, he
said, and astonished!  Snooky could not have been so sick!  Look
at her now!  As well as ever.  And to have called such a woman! 
Well, he did not want to be harsh; but she must understand that
she must never speak to the woman again.  Never!

So the next day the Very Young Wife happened to go by with the
Young Husband.  Blanche Devine spied them from her sitting-room
window, and she made the excuse of looking in her mailbox in
order to go to the door.  She stood in the doorway and the Very
Young Wife went by on the arm of her husband.  She went
by--rather white-faced--without a look or a word or a sign!

And then this happened!  There came into Blanche Devine's face a
look that made slits of her eyes, and drew her mouth down into an
ugly, narrow line, and that made the muscles of her jaw tense and
hard.  It was the ugliest look you can imagine.  Then she
smiled--if having one's lips curl away from one's teeth can be
called smiling.

Two days later there was great news of the white cottage on the
corner. The curtains were down; the furniture was packed; the
rugs were rolled. The wagons came and backed up to the house and
took those things that had made a home for Blanche Devine.  And
when we heard that she had bought back her interest in the House
with the Closed Shutters, near the freight depot, we sniffed.

"I knew she wouldn't last!" we said.

"They never do!" said we.



The Gay Old Dog
[1917]


Those of you who have dwelt--or even lingered--in Chicago,
Illinois, are familiar with the region known as the Loop.  For
those others of you to whom Chicago is a transfer point between
New York and California there is presented this brief
explanation:

The Loop is a clamorous, smoke-infested district embraced by the
iron arms of the elevated tracks.  In a city boasting fewer
millions, it would be known familiarly as downtown.  From
Congress to Lake Street, from Wabash almost to the river, those
thunderous tracks make a complete circle, or loop.  Within it lie
the retail shops, the commercial hotels, the theaters, the
restaurants.  It is the Fifth Avenue and the Broadway of Chicago.

And he who frequents it by night in search of amusement and cheer
is known, vulgarly, as a Loop-hound.

Jo Hertz was a Loop-hound.  On the occasion of those sparse first
nights granted the metropolis of the Middle West he was always
present, third row, aisle, left.  When a new Loop cafe' was
opened, Jo's table always commanded an unobstructed view of
anything worth viewing.  On entering he was wont to say, "Hello,
Gus," with careless cordiality to the headwaiter, the while his
eye roved expertly from table to table as he removed his gloves. 
He ordered things under glass, so that his table, at midnight or
thereabouts, resembled a hotbed that favors the bell system.  The
waiters fought for him.  He was the kind of man who mixes his own
salad dressing. He liked to call for a bowl, some cracked ice,
lemon, garlic, paprika, salt, pepper, vinegar, and oil and make a
rite of it.  People at near-by tables would lay down their knives
and forks to watch, fascinated.  The secret of it seemed to lie
in using all the oil in sight and calling for more.

That was Jo--a plump and lonely bachelor of fifty.  A plethoric,
roving- eyed, and kindly man, clutching vainly at the garments of
a youth that had long slipped past him.  Jo Hertz, in one of
those pinch-waist suits and a belted coat and a little green hat,
walking up Michigan Avenue of a bright winter's afternoon, trying
to take the curb with a jaunty youthfulness against which every
one of his fat-encased muscles rebelled, was a sight for mirth or
pity, depending on one's vision.

The gay-dog business was a late phase in the life of Jo Hertz. 
He had been a quite different sort of canine.  The staid and
harassed brother of three unwed and selfish sisters is an
underdog.

At twenty-seven Jo had been the dutiful, hard-working son (in the
wholesale harness business) of a widowed and gummidging mother,
who called him Joey.  Now and then a double wrinkle would appear
between Jo's eyes--a wrinkle that had no business there at
twenty-seven.  Then Jo's mother died, leaving him handicapped by
a deathbed promise, the three sisters, and a
three-story-and-basement house on Calumet Avenue.  Jo's wrinkle
became a fixture.

"Joey," his mother had said, in her high, thin voice, "take
care of the girls."

"I will, Ma," Jo had choked.

"Joey," and the voice was weaker, "promise me you won't marry
till the girls are all provided for."  Then as Jo had hesitated,
appalled:  "Joey, it's my dying wish.  Promise!"

"I promise, Ma," he had said.

Whereupon his mother had died, comfortably, leaving him with a
completely ruined life.

They were not bad-looking girls, and they had a certain style,
too.  That is, Stell and Eva had.  Carrie, the middle one, taught
school over on the West Side.  In those days it took her almost
two hours each way.  She said the kind of costume she required
should have been corrugated steel.  But all three knew what was
being worn, and they wore it--or fairly faithful copies of it. 
Eva, the housekeeping sister, had a needle knack.  She could skim
the State Street windows and come away with a mental photograph
of every separate tuck, hem, yoke, and ribbon.  Heads of
departments showed her the things they kept in drawers, and she
went home and reproduced them with the aid of a seamstress by the
day.  Stell, the youngest, was the beauty.  They called her Babe.

Twenty-three years ago one's sisters did not strain at the
household leash, nor crave a career.  Carrie taught school, and
hated it.  Eva kept house expertly and complainingly.  Babe's
profession was being the family beauty, and it took all her spare
time.  Eva always let her sleep until ten.

This was Jo's household, and he was the nominal head of it.  But
it was an empty title.  The three women dominated his life.  They
weren't con- sciously selfish.  If you had called them cruel they
would have put you down as mad.  When you are the lone brother of
three sisters, it means that you must constantly be calling for,
escorting, or dropping one of them somewhere.  Most men of Jo's
age were standing before their mirror of a Saturday night,
whistling blithely and abstractedly while they discarded a blue
polka-dot for a maroon tie, whipped off the maroon for a
shot-silk and at the last moment decided against the shot-silk in
favor of a plain black-and-white because she had once said she
preferred quiet ties.  Jo, when he should have been preening his
feathers for conquest, was saying:

"Well, my God, I AM hurrying!  Give a man time, can't you?  I
just got home.  You girls been laying around the house all day. 
No wonder you're ready."

He took a certain pride in seeing his sisters well dressed, at a
time when he should have been reveling in fancy waistcoats and
brilliant-hued socks, according to the style of that day and the
inalienable right of any unwed male under thirty, in any day.  On
those rare occasions when his business necessitated an
out-of-town trip, he would spend half a day floundering about the
shops selecting handkerchiefs, or stockings, or feathers, or
gloves for the girls.  They always turned out to be the wrong
kind, judging by their reception.

From Carrie, "What in the world do I want of long white
gloves!"

"I thought you didn't have any," Jo would say.

"I haven't.  I never wear evening clothes."

Jo would pass a futile hand over the top of his head, as was his
way when disturbed.  "I just thought you'd like them.  I thought
every girl liked long white gloves.  Just," feebly, "just
to--to have."

"Oh, for pity's sake!"

And from Eva or Babe, "I've GOT silk stockings, Jo."  Or, "You
brought me handkerchiefs the last time."

There was something selfish in his giving, as there always is in
any gift freely and joyfully made.  They never suspected the
exquisite pleasure it gave him to select these things, these
fine, soft, silken things. There were many things about this
slow-going, amiable brother of theirs that they never suspected. 
If you had told them he was a dreamer of dreams, for example,
they would have been amused.  Sometimes, dead-tired by nine
o'clock after a hard day downtown, he would doze over the evening
paper.  At intervals he would wake, red-eyed, to a snatch of
conversation such as, "Yes, but if you get a blue you can wear
it anywhere.  It's dressy, and at the same time it's quiet,
too."  Eva, the expert, wrestling with Carrie over the problem
of the new spring dress.  They never guessed that the com-
monplace man in the frayed old smoking jacket had banished them
all from the room long ago; had banished himself, for that
matter.  In his place was a tall, debonair, and rather
dangerously handsome man to whom six o'clock spelled evening
clothes.  The kind of man who can lean up against a mantel, or
propose a toast, or give an order to a manservant, or whisper a
gallant speech in a lady's ear with equal ease.  The shabby old
house on Calumet Avenue was transformed into a brocaded and
chandeliered rendezvous for the brilliance of the city.  Beauty
was here, and wit. But none so beautiful and witty as She. 
Mrs.--er--Jo Hertz.  There was wine, of course; but no vulgar
display.  There was music; the soft sheen of satin; laughter. 
And he, the gracious, tactful host, king of his own domain----

"Jo, for heaven's sake, if you're going to snore, go to bed!"

"Why--did I fall asleep?"

"You haven't been doing anything else all evening.  A person
would think you were fifty instead of thirty."

And Jo Hertz was again just the dull, gray, commonplace brother
of three well-meaning sisters.

Babe used to say petulantly, "Jo, why don't you ever bring home
any of your men friends?  A girl might as well not have any
brother, all the good you do."

Jo, conscience-stricken, did his best to make amends.  But a man
who has been petticoat-ridden for years loses the knack, somehow,
of comradeship with men.

One Sunday in May Jo came home from a late-Sunday-afternoon walk
to find company for supper.  Carrie often had in one of her
schoolteacher friends, or Babe one of her frivolous intimates, or
even Eva a staid guest of the old-girl type.  There was always a
Sunday-night supper of potato salad, and cold meat, and coffee,
and perhaps a fresh cake.  Jo rather enjoyed it, being a
hospitable soul.  But he regarded the guests with the undazzled
eyes of a man to whom they were just so many petticoats, timid of
the night streets and requiring escort home.  If you had
suggested to him that some of his sisters' popularity was due to
his own presence, or if you had hinted that the more kittenish of
these visitors were probably making eyes at him, he would have
stared in amazement and unbelief.

This Sunday night it turned out to be one of Carrie's friends.

"Emily," said Carrie, "this is my brother, Jo."

Jo had learned what to expect in Carrie's friends.  Drab-looking
women in the late thirties, whose facial lines all slanted
downward.

"Happy to meet you," said Jo, and looked down at a different
sort altogether.  A most surprisingly different sort, for one of
Carrie's friends.  This Emily person was very small, and fluffy,
and blue-eyed, and crinkly looking. The corners of her mouth when
she smiled, and her eyes when she looked up at you, and her hair,
which was brown, but had the miraculous effect, somehow, of
looking golden.

Jo shook hands with her.  Her hand was incredibly small, and
soft, so that you were afraid of crushing it, until you
discovered she had a firm little grip all her own.  It surprised
and amused you, that grip, as does a baby's unexpected clutch on
your patronizing forefinger.  As Jo felt it in his own big clasp,
the strangest thing happened to him.  Something inside Jo Hertz
stopped working for a moment, then lurched sickeningly, then
thumped like mad.  It was his heart.  He stood staring down at
her, and she up at him, until the others laughed.  Then their
hands fell apart, lingeringly.

"Are you a schoolteacher, Emily?" he said.

"Kindergarten.  It's my first year.  And don't call me Emily,
please."

"Why not?  It's your name.  I think it's the prettiest name in
the world." Which he hadn't meant to say at all.  In fact, he
was perfectly aghast to find himself saying it.  But he meant it.

At supper he passed her things, and stared, until everybody
laughed again, and Eva said acidly, "Why don't you feed her?"

It wasn't that Emily had an air of helplessness.  She just made
him feel he wanted her to be helpless, so that he could help her.

Jo took her home, and from that Sunday night he began to strain
at the leash.  He took his sisters out, dutifully, but he would
suggest, with a carelessness that deceived no one, "Don't you
want one of your girl friends to come along?  That little
What's-her-name-Emily, or something.  So long's I've got three of
you, I might as well have a full squad."

For a long time he didn't know what was the matter with him.  He
only knew he was miserable, and yet happy.  Sometimes his heart
seemed to ache with an actual physical ache.  He realized that he
wanted to do things for Emily.  He wanted to buy things for
Emily--useless, pretty, expensive things that he couldn't afford.

He wanted to buy everything that Emily needed, and everything
that Emily desired.  He wanted to marry Emily. That was it.  He
discovered that one day, with a shock, in the midst of a
transaction in the harness business.  He stared at the man with
whom he was dealing until that startled person grew
uncomfortable.  "What's the matter, Hertz?"  "Matter?"  "You
look as if you'd seen a ghost or found a gold mine.  I don't know
which."  "Gold mine," said Jo.  And then, "No.  Ghost."  For
he remembered that high, thin voice, and his promise.  And the
harness business was slithering downhill with dreadful rapidity,
as the automobile business began its amazing climb.  Jo tried to
stop it.  But he was not that kind of businessman.  It never
occurred to him to jump out of the down-going vehicle and catch
the up-going one.  He stayed on, vainly applying brakes that
refused to work.  "You know, Emily, I couldn't support two
households now.  Not the way things are.  But if you'll wait.  If
you'll only wait.  The girls might--that is, Babe and Carrie--"

She was a sensible little thing, Emily.  "Of course I'll wait. 
But we mustn't just sit back and let the years go by.  We've got
to help."  

She went about it as if she were already a little matchmaking
matron.  She corralled all the men she had ever known and
introduced them to Babe, Carrie, and Eva separately, in pairs,
and en masse.  She got up picnics. She stayed home while Jo took
the three about.  When she was present she tried to look as plain
and obscure as possible, so that the sisters should show up to
advantage.  She schemed, and planned, and contrived, and hoped;
and smiled into Jo's despairing eyes.  

And three years went by.  Three precious years.  Carrie still
taught school, and hated it.  Eva kept house more and more
complainingly as prices advanced and allowance retreated.  Stell
was still Babe, the family beauty.  Emily's hair, somehow, lost
its glint and began to look just plain brown.  Her crinkliness
began to iron out.  

"Now, look here!" Jo argued, desperately, one night.  "We
could be happy, anyway.  There's plenty of room at the house. 
Lots of people begin that way.  Of course, I couldn't give you
all I'd like to, at first.  But maybe, after a while--"  No
dreams of salons, and brocade, and velvet-footed servitors, and
satin damask now.  Just two rooms, all their own, all alone, and
Emily to work for.  That was his dream.  But it seemed less
possible than that other absurd one had been.  

Emily was as practical a little thing as she looked fluffy.  She
knew women.  Especially did she know Eva, and Carrie, and Babe. 
She tried to imagine herself taking the household affairs and the
housekeeping pocket- book out of Eva's expert hands.  So then she
tried to picture herself allowing the reins of Jo's house to
remain in Eva's hands.  And everything feminine and normal in her
rebelled.  Emily knew she'd want to put away her own freshly
laundered linen, and smooth it, and pat it.  She was that kind of
woman.  She knew she'd want to do her own delightful haggling
with butcher and grocer.  She knew she'd want to muss Jo's hair,
and sit on his knee, and even quarrel with him, if necessary,
without the awareness of three ever-present pairs of maiden eyes
and ears.  

"No!  No!  We'd only be miserable.  I know.  Even if they didn't
object. And they would, Jo.  Wouldn't they?"  

His silence was miserable assent.  Then, "But you do love me. 
don't you, Emily?"  

"I do, Jo.  I love you--and love you--and love you.  But, Jo,
I--can't."  

"I know it, dear.  I knew it all the time, really.  I just
thought, maybe, somehow----"  

The two sat staring for a moment into space, their hands clasped.

Then they both shut their eyes with a little shudder, as though
what they saw was terrible to look upon.  Emily's hand, the tiny
hand that was so unexpectedly firm, tightened its hold on his,
and his crushed the absurd fingers until she winced with pain.

That was the beginning of the end, and they knew it.  

Emily wasn't the kind of girl who would be left to pine.  There
are too many Jos in the world whose hearts are prone to lurch and
then thump at the feel of a soft, fluttering, incredibly small
hand in their grip.  One year later Emily was married to a young
man whose father owned a large, pie- shaped slice of the
prosperous state of Michigan.  

That being safely accomplished, there was something grimly
humorous in the trend taken by affairs in the old house on
Calumet.  For Eva married.  Married well, too, though he was a
great deal older than she.  She went off in a hat she had copied
from a French model at Field's, and a suit she had contrived with
a home dressmaker, aided by pressing on the part of the little
tailor in the basement over on Thirty-first Street.  It was the
last of that, though.  The next time they saw her, she had on a
hat that even she would have despaired of copying, and a suit
that sort of melted into your gaze.  She moved to the North Side
(trust Eva for that), and Babe assumed the management of the
household on Calumet Avenue.  It was rather a pinched little
household now, for the harness business shrank and shrank.  

"I don't see how you can expect me to keep house decently on
this!" Babe would say contemptuously.  Babe's nose, always a
little inclined to sharpness, had whittled down to a point of
late.  "If you knew what Ben gives Eva."  

"It's the best I can do, Sis.  Business is something rotten."

"Ben says if you had the least bit of----"  Ben was Eva's
husband, and quotable, as are all successful men.  

"I don't care what Ben says," shouted Jo, goaded into rage.  
"I'm sick of your everlasting Ben.  Go and get a Ben of your
own, why don't you, if you're so stuck on the way he does
things."  

And Babe did.  She made a last desperate drive, aided by Eva, and
she captured a rather surprised young man in the brokerage way,
who had made up his mind not to marry for years and years.  Eva
wanted to give her her wedding things, but at that Jo broke into
sudden rebellion.  

"No, sir!  No Ben is going to buy my sister's wedding clothes,
understand? I guess I'm not broke--yet.  I'll furnish the money
for her things, and there'll be enough of them, too."  Babe had
as useless a trousseau, and as filled with extravagant pink-and-
blue and lacy and frilly things, as any daughter of doting
parents.  Jo seemed to find a grim pleasure in providing them. 
But it left him pretty well pinched.  After Babe's marriage (she
insisted that they call her Estelle now) Jo sold the house on
Calumet.  He and Carrie took one of those little flats that were
springing up, seemingly overnight, all through Chicago's South
Side.  

There was nothing domestic about Carrie.  She had given up
teaching two years before, and had gone into social-service work
on the West Side. She had what is known as a legal mind--hard,
clear, orderly--and she made a great success of it.  Her dream
was to live at the Settlement House and give all her time to the
work.  Upon the little household she bestowed a certain amount of
grim, capable attention.  It was the same kind of attention she
would have given a piece of machinery whose oiling and running
had been entrusted to her care.  She hated it, and didn't
hesitate to say so.  

Jo took to prowling about department-store basements, and
household goods sections.  He was always sending home a bargain
in a ham, or a sack of potatoes, or fifty pounds of sugar, or a
window clamp, or a new kind of paring knife.  He was forever
doing odd jobs that the janitor should have done.  It was the
domestic in him claiming its own.  

Then, one night, Carrie came home with a dull glow in her
leathery cheeks, and her eyes alight with resolve.  They had what
she called a plain talk.  

"Listen, Jo.  They've offered me the job of first assistant
resident worker. And I'm going to take it.  Take it!  I know
fifty other girls who'd give their ears for it.  I go in next
month."  

They were at dinner.  Jo looked up from his plate, dully.  Then
he glanced around the little dining room, with its ugly tan walls
and its heavy, dark furniture (the Calumet Avenue pieces fitted
cumbersomely into the five-room flat).  

"Away?  Away from here, you mean--to live?"  

Carrie laid down her fork.  "Well, really, Jo!  After all that
explanation."  

"But to go over there to live!  Why, that neighborhood's full of
dirt, and disease, and crime, and the Lord knows what all.  I
can't let you do that, Carrie."

Carrie's chin came up.  She laughed a short little laugh.  "Let
me!  That's eighteenth-century talk, Jo.  My life's my own to
live.  I'm going."  

And she went.  

Jo stayed on in the apartment until the lease was up.  Then he
sold what furniture he could, stored or gave away the rest, and
took a room on Michigan Avenue in one of the old stone mansions
whose decayed splendor was being put to such purpose.  

Jo Hertz was his own master.  Free to marry.  Free to come and
go.  And he found he didn't even think of marrying.  He didn't
even want to come or go, particularly.  A rather frumpy old
bachelor, with thinning hair and a thickening neck.  

Every Thursday evening he took dinner at Eva's, and on Sunday
noon at Stell's.  He tucked his napkin under his chin and openly
enjoyed the homemade soup and the well-cooked meats.  After
dinner he tried to talk business with Eva's husband, or Stell's. 
His business talks were the old- fashioned kind, beginning:  

"Well, now, looka here.  Take, f'rinstance, your raw hides and
leathers."  

But Ben and George didn't want to take, f'rinstance, your raw
hides and leathers.  They wanted, when they took anything at all,
to take golf, or politics, or stocks.  They were the modern type
of businessman who prefers to leave his work out of his play. 
Business, with them, was a profession-- a finely graded and
balanced thing, differing from Jo's clumsy, down- hill style as
completely as does the method of a great criminal detective
differ from that of a village constable.  They would listen,
restively, and say, "Uh-uh," at intervals, and at the first
chance they would sort of fade out of the room, with a meaning
glance at their wives.  Eva had two children now.  Girls.  They
treated Uncle Jo with good-natured tolerance.  Stell had no
children.  Uncle Jo degenerated, by almost imperceptible degrees,
from the position of honored guest, who is served with white
meat, to that of one who is content with a leg and one of those
obscure and bony sections which, after much turning with a
bewildered and investigating knife and fork, leave one baffled
and unsatisfied.  

Eva and Stell got together and decided that Jo ought to marry.  

"It isn't natural," Eva told him.  "I never saw a man who took
so little interest in women."  

"Me!" protested Jo, almost shyly.  "Women!"  

"Yes.  Of course.  You act like a frightened schoolboy."  

So they had in for dinner certain friends and acquaintances of
fitting age.  They spoke of them as "splendid girls."  Between
thirty-six and forty. They talked awfully well, in a firm, clear
way, about civics, and classes, and politics, and economics, and
boards.  They rather terrified Jo.  He didn't understand much
that they talked about, and he felt humbly inferior, and yet a
little resentful, as if something had passed him by.  He escorted
them home, dutifully, though they told him not to bother, and
they evidently meant it.  They seemed capable not only of going
home quite unattended but of delivering a pointed lecture to any
highwayman or brawler who might molest them.  

The following Thursday Eva would say, "How did you like her,
Jo?"  

"Like who?" Joe would spar feebly.  

"Miss Matthews."  

"Who's she?"  

"Now, don't be funny, Jo. You know very well I mean the girl who
was here for dinner.  The one who talked so well on the
emigration question."  

"Oh, her!  Why, I liked her all right.  Seems to be a smart
woman."  

"Smart!  She's a perfectly splendid girl."  

"Sure," Jo would agree cheerfully.  

"But didn't you like her?"  

"I can't say I did, Eve.  And I can't say I didn't.  She made me
think a lot of a teacher I had in the fifth reader.  Name of
Himes.  As I recall her, she must have been a fine woman.  But I
never thought of Himes as a woman at all.  She was just
Teacher."  

"You make me tired," snapped Eva impatiently.  "A man of your
age. You don't expect to marry a girl, do you?  A child!"  

"I don't expect to marry anybody," Jo had answered.  

And that was the truth, lonely though he often was.  

The following spring Eva moved to Winnetka.  Anyone who got the
meaning of the Loop knows the significance of a move to a North
Shore suburb, and a house.  Eva's daughter, Ethel, was growing
up, and her mother had an eye on society.  

That did away with Jo's Thursday dinners.  Then Stell's husband
bought a car.  They went out into the country every Sunday. 
Stell said it was getting so that maids objected to Sunday
dinners, anyway.  Besides, they were unhealthful, old-fashioned
things.  They always meant to ask Jo to come along, but by the
time their friends were placed, and the lunch, and the boxes, and
sweaters, and George's camera, and everything, there seemed to be
no room for a man of Jo's bulk.  So that eliminated the Sunday
dinners.  

"Just drop in any time during the week," Stell said, "for
dinner.  Except Wednesday--that's our bridge night--and Saturday.

And, of course, Thursday. Cook is out that night.  Don't wait for
me to phone."  

And so Jo drifted into that sad-eyed, dyspeptic family made up of
those you see dining in second-rate restaurants, their paper
propped up against the bowl of oyster crackers, munching solemnly
and with indifference to the stare of the passer-by surveying
them through the brazen plate-glass window.  

And then came the war.  The war that spelled death and
destruction to millions.  The war that brought a fortune to Jo
Hertz, and transformed him, overnight, from a baggy-kneed old
bachelor whose business was a failure to a prosperous
manufacturer whose only trouble was the shortage in hides for the
making of his product.  Leather!  The armies of Europe called for
it.  Harnesses!  More harnesses! Straps!  Millions of straps. 
More! More!  

The musty old harness business over on Lake Street was magically
changed from a dust-covered, dead-alive concern to an orderly
hive that hummed and glittered with success.  Orders poured in. 
Jo Hertz had inside information on the war.  He knew about troops
and horses.  He talked with French and English and Italian buyers
commissioned by their countries to get American-made supplies. 
And now, when he said to Ben or George, "Take, f'rinstance, your
raw hides and leathers," they listened with respectful
attention.  

And then began the gay-dog business in the life of Jo Hertz.  He
developed into a Loop-hound, ever keen on the scent of fresh
pleasure.  That side of Jo Hertz which had been repressed and
crushed and ignored began to bloom, unhealthily.  At first he
spent money on his rather contemptuous nieces.  He sent them
gorgeous furs, and watch bracelets, and bags.  He took two
expensive rooms at a downtown hotel, and there was something more
tear-compelling than grotesque about the way he gloated over the
luxury of a separate ice-water tap in the bathroom.  He explained
it.  

"Just turn it on.  Any hour of the day or night.  Ice water!"  

He bought a car.  Naturally.  A glittering affair; in color a
bright blue, with pale-blue leather straps and a great deal of
gold fittings, and special tires.  Eva said it was the kind of
thing a chorus girl would use, rather than an elderly
businessman.  You saw him driving about in it, red-faced and
rather awkward at the wheel.  You saw him, too, in the Pompeian
Room at the Congress Hotel of a Saturday afternoon when
roving-eyed matrons in mink coats are wont to congregate to sip
pale-amber drinks. Actors grew to recognize the semibald head and
the shining, round, good- natured face looming out at them from
the dim well of the theater, and sometimes, in a musical show,
they directed a quip at him, and he liked it. He could pick out
the critics as they came down the aisle, and even had a nodding
acquaintance with two of them.  

"Kelly, of the Herald," he would say carelessly.  "Bean. of
the Trib. They're all afraid of him."  

So he frolicked, ponderously.  In New York he might have been
called a Man About Town.  

And he was lonesome.  He was very lonesome.  So he searched about
in his mind and brought from the dim past the memory of the
luxuriously furnished establishment of which he used to dream in
the evenings when he dozed over his paper in the old house on
Calumet.  So he rented an apartment, many-roomed and expensive,
with a manservant in charge, and furnished it in styles and
periods ranging through all the Louis.  The living room was
mostly rose color.  It was like an unhealthy and bloated boudoir.
And yet there was nothing sybaritic or uncleanly in the sight of
this paunchy, middle-aged man sinking into the rosy-cushioned
luxury of his ridiculous home.  It was a frank and naive
indulgence of long-starved senses, and there was in it a great
resemblance to the rolling-eyed ecstasy of a schoolboy smacking
his lips over an all-day sucker.  

The war went on, and on, and on.  And the money continued to roll
in-- a flood of it.  Then, one afternoon, Eva, in town on
shopping bent, entered a small, exclusive, and expensive shop on
Michigan Avenue.  Eva's weakness was hats.  She was seeking a hat
now.  She described what she sought with a languid conciseness,
and stood looking about her after the saleswoman had vanished in
quest of it.  The room was becomingly rose-illumined and somewhat
dim, so that some minutes had passed before she realized that a
man seated on a raspberry brocade settee not five feet away-- a
man with a walking stick, and yellow gloves, and tan spats, and a
check suit--was her brother Jo.  From him Eva's wild-eyed glance
leaped to the woman who was trying on hats before one of the many
long mirrors.  She was seated, and a saleswoman was exclaiming
discreetly at her elbow.  

Eva turned sharply and encountered her own saleswoman returning
hat-laden.  "Not today," she gasped.  "I'm feeling ill. 
Suddenly."  And almost ran from the room.  

That evening she told Stell, relating her news in that telephone
pidgin English devised by every family of married sisters as
protection against the neighbors.  Translated, it ran thus:  

"He looked straight at me.  My dear, I thought I'd die!  But at
least he had sense enough not to speak.  She was one of those
limp, willowy creatures with the greediest eyes that she tried to
keep softened to a baby stare, and couldn't, she was so crazy to
get her hands on those hats.  I saw it all in one awful minute. 
You know the way I do.  I suppose some people would call her
pretty.  I don't.  And her color.  Well!  And the most expensive-
looking hats.  Not one of them under seventy-five.  Isn't it
disgusting!  At his age!  Suppose Ethel had been with me!"  

The next time it was Stell who saw them.  In a restaurant.  She
said it spoiled her evening.  And the third time it was Ethel. 
She was one of the guests at a theater party given by Nicky
Overton II.  The North Shore Overtons.  Lake Forest.  They came
in late, and occupied the entire third row at the opening
performance of Believe Me!  And Ethel was Nicky's partner.  She
was glowing like a rose.  When the lights went up after the first
act Ethel saw that her uncle Jo was seated just ahead of her with
what she afterward described as a blonde.  Then her uncle had
turned around, and seeing her, had been surprised into a smile
that spread genially all over his plump and rubicund face.  Then
he had turned to face forward again, quickly.  

"Who's the old bird?" Nicky had asked.  Ethel had pretended not
to hear, so he had asked again.  

"My uncle," Ethel answered, and flushed all over her delicate
face, and down to her throat.  Nicky had looked at the blonde,
and his eyebrows had gone up ever so slightly.  

It spoiled Ethel's evening.  More than that, as she told her
mother of it later, weeping, she declared it had spoiled her
life.  

Eva talked it over with her husband in that intimate hour that
precedes bedtime.  She gesticulated heatedly with her hairbrush. 

"It's disgusting, that's what it is.  Perfectly disgusting. 
There's no fool like an old fool.  Imagine!  A creature like
that.  At his time of life."  

"Well, I don't know," Ben said, and even grinned a little.  "I
suppose a boy's got to sow his wild oats sometime."  

"Don't be any more vulgar than you can help," Eva retorted. 
"And I think you know, as well as I, what it means to have that
Overton boy interested in Ethel."  

"If he's interested in her," Ben blundered, "I guess the fact
that Ethel's uncle went to the theater with someone who isn't
Ethel's aunt won't cause a shudder to run up and down his frail
young frame, will it?"  

"All right," Eva had retorted.  "If you're not man enough to
stop it, I'll have to, that's all.  I'm going up there with Stell
this week."  

They did not notify Jo of their coming.  Eva telephoned his
apartment when she knew he would be out, and asked his man if he
expected his master home to dinner that evening.  The man had
said yes.  Eva arranged to meet Stell in town.  They would drive
to Jo's apartment together, and wait for him there.  

When she reached the city Eva found turmoil there.  The first of
the American troops to be sent to France were leaving.  Michigan
Boulevard was a billowing, surging mass: flags, pennants,
banners, crowds.  All the elements that make for demonstration. 
And over the whole-quiet.  No holiday crowd, this.  A solid,
determined mass of people waiting patient hours to see the
khaki-clads go by.  Three years had brought them to a clear
knowledge of what these boys were going to.  

"Isn't it dreadful!" Stell gasped.  

"Nicky Overton's too young, thank goodness."  

Their car was caught in the jam.  When they moved at all, it was
by inches.  When at last they reached Jo's apartment they were
flushed, nervous, apprehensive.  But he had not yet come in.  So
they waited.  

No, they were not staying to dinner with their brother, they told
the relieved houseman.  

Stell and Eva, sunk in rose-colored cushions, viewed the place
with disgust and some mirth.  They rather avoided each other's
eyes.  

"Carrie ought to be here," Eva said.  They both smiled at the
thought of the austere Carrie in the midst of those rosy
cushions, and hangings, and lamps.  Stell rose and began to walk
about restlessly.  She picked up a vase and laid it down;
straightened a picture.  Eva got up, too, and wandered into the
hall.  She stood there a moment, listening.  Then she turned and
passed into Jo's bedroom, Stell following.  And there you knew Jo
for what he was.  

This room was as bare as the other had been ornate.  It was Jo,
the clean-minded and simplehearted, in revolt against the cloying
luxury with which he had surrounded himself.  The bedroom, of all
rooms in any house, reflects the personality of its occupant. 
True, the actual furniture was paneled, cupid-surmounted, and
ridiculous.  It had been the fruit of Jo's first orgy of the
senses.  But now it stood out in that stark little room with an
air as incongruous and ashamed as that of a pink tarlatan
danseuse who finds herself in a monk's cell.  None of those wall
pictures with which bachelor bedrooms are reputed to be hung.  No
satin slippers.  No scented notes. Two plain-backed military
brushes on the chiffonier (and he so nearly hairless!).  A little
orderly stack of books on the table near the bed.  Eva fingered
their titles and gave a little gasp.  One of them was on
gardening.  

"Well, of all things!" exclaimed Stell.  A book on the war, by
an Englishman. A detective story of the lurid type that lulls us
to sleep.  His shoes ranged in a careful row in the closet, with
a shoe tree in every one of them. There was something speaking
about them.  They looked so human.  Eva shut the door on them
quickly.  Some bottles on the dresser.  A jar of pomade.  An
ointment such as a man uses who is growing bald and is panic-
stricken too late.  An insurance calendar on the wall.  Some
rhubarb-and- soda mixture on the shelf in the bathroom, and a
little box of pepsin tablets.  

"Eats all kinds of things at all hours of the night," Eva said,
and wandered out into the rose-colored front room again with the
air of one who is chagrined at her failure to find what she has
sought.  Stell followed her furtively.  

"Where do you suppose he can be?" she demanded.  "It's"--she
glanced at her wrist--"why, it's after six!"  

And then there was a little click.  The two women sat up, tense. 
The door opened.  Jo came in.  He blinked a little.  The two
women in the rosy room stood up.  

"Why--Eve!  Why, Babe!  Well!  Why didn't you let me know?"  

"We were just about to leave.  We thought you weren't coming
home."  

Jo came in slowly.  

"I was in the jam on Michigan, watching the boys go by."  He
sat down, heavily.  The light from the window fell on him.  And
you saw that his eyes were red.  

He had found himself one of the thousands in the jam on Michigan
Avenue, as he said.  He had a place near the curb, where his big
frame shut off the view of the unfortunates behind him.  He
waited with the placid interest of one who has subscribed to all
the funds and societies to which a prosperous, middle-aged
businessman is called upon to subscribe in war-time.  Then, just
as he was about to leave, impatient at the delay, the crowd had
cried, with a queer, dramatic, exultant note in its voice, "Here
they come!  Here come the boys!"  

Just at that moment two little, futile, frenzied fists began to
beat a mad tattoo on Jo Hertz's broad back.  Jo tried to turn in
the crowd, all indignant resentment.  "Say, looka here!"  

The little fists kept up their frantic beating and pushing.  And
a voice--a choked, high little voice--cried, "Let me by!  I
can't see!  You MAN, you! You big fat man!  My boy's going by--to
war--and I can't see!  Let me by!"  

Jo scrooged around, still keeping his place.  He looked down. 
And upturned to him in agonized appeal was the face of Emily. 
They stared at each other for what seemed a long, long time.  It
was really only the fraction of a second.  Then Jo put one great
arm firmly around Emily's waist and swung her around in front of
him.  His great bulk protected her.  Emily was clinging to his
hand.  She was breathing rapidly, as if she had been running. 
Her eyes were straining up the street.  

"Why, Emily, how in the world----!"  

"I ran away.  Fred didn't want me to come.  He said it would
excite me too much."  

"Fred?"  

"My husband.  He made me promise to say good-by to Jo at home." 

"Jo?"  

"Jo's my boy.  And he's going to war.  So I ran away.  I had to
see him.  I had to see him go."  

She was dry-eyed.  Her gaze was straining up the street.  

"Why, sure," said Jo.  "Of course you want to see him."  And
then the crowd gave a great roar.  There came over Jo a feeling
of weakness.  He was trembling.  The boys went marching by.  

"There he is," Emily shrilled, above the din.  "There he is! 
There he is! There he----"  And waved a futile little hand.  It
wasn't so much a wave as a clutching.  A clutching after
something beyond her reach.  

"Which one?  Which one, Emily?"  

"The handsome one.  The handsome one."  Her voice quavered and
died.  

Jo put a steady hand on her shoulder.  "Point him out," he
commanded "Show me."  And the next instant, "Never mind.  I
see him."  

Somehow, miraculously, he had picked him from among the hundreds.
Had picked him as surely as his own father might have.  It was
Emily's boy.  He was marching by, rather stiffly.  He was
nineteen, and fun-loving, and he had a girl, and he didn't
particularly want to go to France and--to go to France.  But more
than he had hated going, he had hated not to go. So he marched
by, looking straight ahead, his jaw set so that his chin stuck
out just a little.  Emily's boy.  

Jo looked at him, and his face flushed purple.  His eyes, the
hard-boiled eyes of a Loop-hound, took on the look of a sad old
man.  And suddenly he was no longer Jo, the sport; old J. Hertz,
the gay dog.  He was Jo Hertz, thirty, in love with life, in love
with Emily, and with the stinging blood of young manhood coursing
through his veins.  

Another minute and the boy had passed on up the broad street--the
fine, flag-bedecked street--just one of a hundred service hats
bobbing in rhythmic motion like sandy waves lapping a shore and
flowing on.  

Then he disappeared altogether.  

Emily was clinging to Jo.  She was mumbling something, over and
over. "I can't.  I can't.  Don't ask me to.  I can't let him go.

Like that.  I can't."  

Jo said a queer thing.  

"Why, Emily!  We wouldn't have him stay home, would we?  We
wouldn't want him to do anything different, would we?  Not our
boy.  I'm glad he enlisted.  I'm proud of him.  So are you
glad."  

Little by little he quieted her.  He took her to the car that was
waiting, a worried chauffeur in charge.  They said good-by,
awkwardly.  Emily's face was a red, swollen mass.  

So it was that when Jo entered his own hallway half an hour later
he blinked, dazedly, and when the light from the window fell on
him you saw that his eyes were red.  

Eva was not one to beat about the bush.  She sat forward in her
chair, clutching her bag rather nervously.  

"Now, look here, Jo.  Stell and I are here for a reason.  We're
here to tell you that this thing's going to stop."  

"Thing?  Stop?"  

"You know very well what I mean.  You saw me at the milliner's
that day.  And night before last, Ethel.  We're all disgusted. 
If you must go about with people like that, please have some
sense of decency."  

Something gathering in Jo's face should have warned her.  But he
was slumped down in his chair in such a huddle, and he looked so
old and fat that she did not heed it.  She went on.  "You've got
us to consider.  Your sisters.  And your nieces.  Not to speak of
your own----"  

But he got to his feet then, shaking, and at what she saw in his
face even Eva faltered and stopped.  It wasn't at all the face of
a fat, middle-aged sport.  It was a face Jovian, terrible.  

"You!" he began, low-voiced, ominous.  "You!"  He raised a
great fist high. "You two murderers!  You didn't consider me,
twenty years ago.  You come to me with talk like that.  Where's
my boy!  You killed him, you two, twenty years ago.  And now he
belongs to somebody else.  Where's my son that should have gone
marching by today?"  He flung his arms out in a great gesture of
longing.  The red veins stood out on his forehead.  "Where's my
son!  Answer me that, you two selfish, miserable women.  Where's
my son!"  Then, as they huddled together, frightened, wild-eyed.

"Out of my house!  Out of my house!  Before I hurt you!"  

They fled, terrified.  The door banged behind them.  

Jo stood, shaking, in the center of the room.  Then he reached
for a chair, gropingly, and sat down.  He passed one moist,
flabby hand over his forehead and it came away wet.  The
telephone rang.  He sat still.  It sounded far away and
unimportant, like something forgotten.  But it rang and rang
insistently.  Jo liked to answer his telephone when he was at
home.  

"Hello!"  He knew instantly the voice at the other end.  

"That you, Jo?" it said.  

"Yes."  

"How's my boy?"  

"I'm--all right."  

"Listen, Jo.  The crowd's coming over tonight.  I've fixed up a
little poker game for you.  Just eight of us."  

"I can't come tonight, Gert."  

"Can't!  Why not?"  

"I'm not feeling so good."  

"You just said you were all right."  

"I AM all right.  Just kind of tired."  

The voice took on a cooing note.  "Is my Joey tired?  Then he
shall be all comfy on the sofa, and he doesn't need to play if he
don't want to.  No, sir."  

Jo stood staring at the black mouthpiece of the telephone.  He
was seeing a procession go marching by.  Boys, hundreds of boys,
in khaki.  

"Hello!  Hello!"  The voice took on an anxious note.  "Are you
there?"  

"Yes," wearily.  

"Jo, there's something the matter.  You're sick.  I'm coming
right over."  

"No!"  "Why not?  You sound as if you'd been sleeping.  Look
here----"  

"Leave me alone!" cried Jo, suddenly, and the receiver clacked
onto the hook.  "Leave me alone.  Leave me alone."  Long after
the connection had been broken.  

He stood staring at the instrument with unseeing eyes.  Then he
turned and walked into the front room.  All the light had gone
out of it.  Dusk had come on.  All the light had gone out of
everything.  The zest had gone out of life.  The game was
over--the game he had been playing against loneliness and
disappointment.  And he was just a tired old man.  A lonely,
tired old man in a ridiculous rose-colored room that had grown,
all of a sudden, drab {sic}




   That's Marriage 
   [1917]   

Theresa Platt (she had been Terry Sheehan) watched her husband
across the breakfast table with eyes that smoldered.  But Orville
Platt was quite unaware of any smoldering in progress.  He was
occupied with his eggs.  How could he know that these very eggs
were feeding the dull red menace in Terry Platt's eyes?  

When Orville Platt ate a soft-boiled egg he concentrated on it. 
He treated it as a great adventure.  Which, after all, it is. 
Few adjuncts of our daily life contain the element of chance that
is to be found in a three-minute breakfast egg.  

This was Orville Platt's method of attack: first, he chipped off
the top, neatly.  Then he bent forward and subjected it to a
passionate and relentless scrutiny.  Straightening--preparatory
to plunging his spoon therein--he flapped his right elbow.  It
wasn't exactly a flap; it was a pass between a hitch and a flap,
and presented external evidence of a mental state.  Orville Platt
always gave that little preliminary jerk when he was
contemplating a serious step, or when he was moved, or
argumentative.  It was a trick as innocent as it was maddening.  

Terry Platt had learned to look for that flap--they had been
married four years--to look for it, and to hate it with a morbid,
unreasoning hate.  That flap of the elbow was tearing Terry
Platt's nerves into raw, bleeding fragments.  

Her fingers were clenched tightly under the table, now.  She was
breathing unevenly.  "If he does that again," she told herself,
"if he flaps again when he opens the second egg, I'll scream. 
I'll scream.  I'll scream!  I'll sc----"  

He had scooped the first egg into his cup.  Now he picked up the
second, chipped it, concentrated, straightened, then--up went the
elbow, and down, with the accustomed little flap.  

The tortured nerves snapped.  Through the early-morning quiet of
Wetona, Wisconsin, hurtled the shrill, piercing shriek of Terry
Platt's hysteria.  

"Terry!  For God's sake!  What's the matter!"  

Orville Platt dropped the second egg, and his spoon.  The egg
yolk trickled down his plate.  The spoon made a clatter and flung
a gay spot of yellow on the cloth.  He started toward her. 

Terry, wild-eyed, pointed a shaking finger at him.  She was
laughing, now, uncontrollably.  "Your elbow!  Your elbow!" 

 "Elbow?"  He looked down at it, bewildered, then up, fright in
his face. "What's the matter with it?"  

She mopped her eyes.  Sobs shook her.  "You f-f-flapped it." 

"F-f-f----"  The bewilderment in Orville Platt's face gave way
to anger. "Do you mean to tell me that you screeched like that
because my--because I moved my elbow?"  

"Yes."  

His anger deepened and reddened to fury.  He choked.  He had
started from his chair with his napkin in his hand.  He still
clutched it.  Now he crumpled it into a wad and hurled it to the
center of the table, where it struck a sugar bowl, dropped back,
and uncrumpled slowly, reprovingly. "You--you----"  Then
bewilderment closed down again like a fog over his countenance. 
"But why?  I can't see----"  

"Because it--because I can't stand it any longer.  Flapping. 
This is what you do.  Like this." 

And she did it.  Did it with insulting fidelity, being a clever
mimic.  

"Well, all I can say is you're crazy, yelling like that, for
nothing."  

"It isn't nothing."  

"Isn't, huh?  If that isn't nothing, what is?"  They were
growing incoherent.  "What d'you mean, screeching like a maniac?

Like a wild woman?  The neighbors'll think I've killed you.  What
d'you mean, anyway!"  

"I mean I'm tired of watching it, that's what.  Sick and
tired."  

"Y'are, huh?  Well, young lady, just let me tell YOU
something----"  

He told her.  There followed one of those incredible quarrels, as
sickening as they are human, which can take place only between
two people who love each other; who love each other so well that
each knows with cruel certainty the surest way to wound the
other; and who stab, and tear, and claw at these vulnerable spots
in exact proportion to their love.  

Ugly words.  Bitter words.  Words that neither knew they knew
flew between them like sparks between steel striking steel.  

From him:  "Trouble with you is you haven't got enough to do. 
That's the trouble with half you women.  Just lay around the
house, rotting.  I'm a fool, slaving on the road to keep a
good-for-nothing----"  

"I suppose you call sitting around hotel lobbies slaving!  I
suppose the house runs itself!  How about my evenings?  Sitting
here alone, night after night, when you're on the road."  

Finally, "Well, if you don't like it," he snarled, and lifted
his chair by the back and slammed it down, savagely, "if you
don't like it, why don't you get out, hm?  Why don't you get
out?"  

And from her, her eyes narrowed to two slits, her cheeks scarlet:

"Why, thanks.  I guess I will."  

Ten minutes later he had flung out of the house to catch the 8:19
for Manitowoc.  He marched down the street, his shoulders
swinging rhythmically to the weight of the burden he carried--his
black leather handbag and the shiny tan sample case,
battle-scarred, both, from many encounters with ruthless porters
and busmen and bellboys.  For four years, as he left for his
semi-monthly trip, he and Terry had observed a certain little
ceremony (as had the neighbors).  She would stand in the doorway,
watching him down the street, the heavier sample case banging
occasionally at his shin.  The depot was only three blocks away. 
Terry watched him with fond but unillusioned eyes, which proves
that she really loved him.  He was a dapper, well-dressed fat
man, with a weakness for pronounced patterns in suitings, and
addicted to derbies.  One week on the road, one week at home. 
That was his routine.  The wholesale grocery trade liked Platt,
and he had for his customers the fondness that a traveling
salesman has who is successful in his territory.  Before his
marriage to Terry Sheehan his little red address book had been
overwhelming proof against the theory that nobody loves a fat
man.  

Terry, standing in the doorway, always knew that when he reached
the corner just where Schroeder's house threatened to hide him
from view, he would stop, drop the sample case, wave his hand
just once, pick up the sample case and go on, proceeding backward
for a step or two until Schroeder's house made good its threat. 
It was a comic scene in the eyes of the onlooker, perhaps because
a chubby Romeo offends the sense of fitness. The neighbors,
lurking behind their parlor curtains, had laughed at first. But
after a while they learned to look for that little scene, and to
take it unto themselves, as if it were a personal thing. 
Fifteen-year wives whose husbands had long since abandoned
flowery farewells used to get a vicarious thrill out of it, and
to eye Terry with a sort of envy.  

This morning Orville Platt did not even falter when he reached
Schroeder's corner.  He marched straight on, looking steadily
ahead, the heavy bags swinging from either hand.  Even if he had
stopped--though she knew he wouldn't--Terry Platt would not have
seen him.  She remained seated at the disordered breakfast table,
a dreadfully still figure, and sinister; a figure of stone and
fire, of ice and flame.  Over and over in her mind she was
milling the things she might have said to him, and had not.  She
brewed a hundred vitriolic cruelties that she might have flung in
his face.  She would concoct one biting brutality, and dismiss it
for a second, and abandon that for a third.  She was too angry to
cry--a dangerous state in a woman.  She was what is known as cold
mad, so that her mind was working clearly and with amazing
swiftness, and yet as though it were a thing detached; a thing
that was no part of her.  

She sat thus for the better part of an hour, motionless except
for one forefinger that was, quite unconsciously, tapping out a
popular and cheap little air that she had been strumming at the
piano the evening before, having bought it downtown that same
afternoon.  It had struck Orville's fancy, and she had played it
over and over for him.  Her right forefinger was playing the
entire tune, and something in the back of her head was following
it accurately, though the separate thinking process was going on
just the same.  Her eyes were bright, and wide, and hot. 
Suddenly she became conscious of the musical antics of her
finger.  She folded it in with its mates, so that her hand became
a fist.  She stood up and stared down at the clutter of the
breakfast table.  The egg--that fateful second egg--had congealed
to a mottled mess of yellow and white.  The spoon lay on the
cloth. His coffee, only half consumed, showed tan with a cold
gray film over it. A slice of toast at the left of his plate
seemed to grin at her with the semi-circular wedge that he had
bitten out of it.  

Terry stared down at these congealing remnants.  Then she
laughed, a hard high little laugh, pushed a plate away
contemptuously with her hand, and walked into the sitting room. 
On the piano was the piece of music (Bennie Gottschalk's great
song hit, "Hicky Boola") which she had been playing the night
before.  She picked it up, tore it straight across, once, placed
the pieces back to back, and tore it across again.  Then she
dropped the pieces to the floor.  

"You bet I'm going," she said, as though concluding a train of
thought. "You just bet I'm going.  Right now!"  And Terry went. 
She went for much the same reason as that given by the ladye of
high degree in the old English song--she who had left her lord
and bed and board to go with the raggle-taggle gipsies-O!  The
thing that was sending Terry Platt away was much more than a
conjugal quarrel precipitated by a soft-boiled egg and a flap of
the arm.  It went so deep that it is necessary to delve back to
the days when Theresa Platt was Terry Sheehan to get the real
significance of it, and of the things she did after she went.

When Mrs. Orville Platt had been Terry Sheehan, she had played
the piano, afternoons and evenings, in the orchestra of the Bijou
Theater, on Cass Street, Wetona, Wisconsin.  Anyone with a name
like Terry Sheehan would, perforce, do well anything she might
set out to do.  There was nothing of genius in Terry, but there
was something of fire, and much that was Irish.  Which meant that
the Watson Team, Eccentric Song and Dance Artists, never needed a
rehearsal when they played the Bijou.  Ruby Watson used merely to
approach Terry before the Monday performance, sheet music in
hand, and say, "Listen, dearie.  We've got some new business I
want to wise you to.  Right here it goes `TUM dee-dee DUM dee-dee
TUM DUM DUM.'  See?  Like that.  And then Jim vamps.  Get me?"  

Terry, at the piano, would pucker her pretty brow a moment. 
Then, "Like this, you mean?"  

"That's it!  You've got it."  

"All right.  I'll tell the drum."  

She could play any tune by ear, once heard.  She got the spirit
of a thing, and transmitted it.  When Terry played a martial
number you tapped the floor with your foot, and unconsciously
straightened your shoulders.  When she played a home-and-mother
song you hoped that the man next to you didn't know you were
crying (which he probably didn't, because he was weeping, too).  

At that time motion pictures had not attained their present
virulence. Vaudeville, polite or otherwise, had not yet been
crowded out by the ubiquitous film.  The Bijou offered
entertainment of the cigar-box-tramp variety, interspersed with
trick bicyclists, soubrettes in slightly soiled pink, trained
seals, and Family Fours with lumpy legs who tossed each other
about and struck Goldbergian attitudes.  

Contact with these gave Terry Sheehan a semiprofessional tone. 
The more conservative of her townspeople looked at her askance. 
There never had been an evil thing about Terry, but Wetona
considered her rather fly. Terry's hair was very black, and she
had a fondness for those little, close-fitting scarlet turbans. 
Terry's mother had died when the girl was eight, and Terry's
father had been what is known as easygoing.  A good-natured,
lovable, shiftless chap in the contracting business.  He drove
around Wetona in a sagging, one-seated cart and never made any
money because he did honest work and charged as little for it as
men who did not.  His mortar stuck, and his bricks did not
crumble, and his lumber did not crack. Riches are not acquired in
the contracting business in that way.  Ed Sheehan and his
daughter were great friends.  When he died (she was nineteen)
they say she screamed once, like a banshee, and dropped to the
floor.  

After they had straightened out the muddle of books in Ed
Sheehan's gritty, dusty little office Terry turned her
piano-playing talent to practical account.  At twenty-one she was
still playing at the Bijou, and into her face was creeping the
first hint of that look of sophistication which comes from daily
contact with the artificial world of the footlights.  

There are, in a small Midwest town like Wetona, just two kinds of
girls.  Those who go downtown Saturday nights, and those who
don't. Terry, if she had not been busy with her job at the Bijou,
would have come in the first group.  She craved excitement. 
There was little chance to satisfy such craving in Wetona, but
she managed to find certain means. The traveling men from the
Burke House just across the street used to drop in at the Bijou
for an evening's entertainment.  They usually sat well toward the
front, and Terry's expert playing, and the gloss of her black
hair, and her piquant profile as she sometimes looked up toward
the stage for a signal from one of the performers caught their
fancy, and held it.  

She found herself, at the end of a year or two, with a rather
large acquaintance among these peripatetic gentlemen.  You
occasionally saw one of them strolling home with her.  Sometimes
she went driving with one of them of a Sunday afternoon.  And she
rather enjoyed taking Sunday dinner at the Burke Hotel with a
favored friend.  She thought those small-town hotel Sunday
dinners the last word in elegance.  The roast course was always
accompanied by an aqueous, semifrozen concoction which the bill
of fare revealed as Roman Punch.  It added a royal touch to the
repast, even when served with roast pork.  

Terry was twenty-two when Orville Platt, making his initial
Wisconsin trip for the wholesale grocery house he represented,
first beheld her piquant Irish profile, and heard her deft
manipulation of the keys.  Orville had the fat man's sense of
rhythm and love of music.  He had a buttery tenor voice, too, of
which he was rather proud.  

He spent three days in Wetona that first trip, and every evening
saw him at the Bijou, first row, center.  He stayed through two
shows each time, and before he had been there fifteen minutes
Terry was conscious of him through the back of her head.  Orville
Platt paid no more heed to the stage, and what was occurring
thereon, than if it had not been.  He sat looking at Terry, and
waggling his head in time to the music.  Not that Terry was a
beauty.  But she was one of those immaculately clean types. That
look of fragrant cleanliness was her chief charm.  Her clear,
smooth skin contributed to it, and the natural penciling of her
eyebrows.  But the thing that accented it, and gave it a last
touch, was the way in which her black hair came down in a little
point just in the center of her forehead, where hair meets brow. 
It grew to form what is known as a cowlick.  (A prettier name for
it is widow's peak.)  Your eye lighted on it, pleased, and from
it traveled its gratified way down her white temples, past her
little ears, to the smooth black coil at the nape of her neck. 
It was a trip that rested you.  

At the end of the last performance on the night of his second
visit to the Bijou, Orville waited until the audience had begun
to file out.  Then he leaned forward over the rail that separated
orchestra from audience.  

"Could you," he said, his tones dulcet, "could you oblige me
with the name of that last piece you played?"  

Terry was stacking her music.  "George!" she called to the
drum.  "Gentleman wants to know the name of that last piece." 
And prepared to leave.  

"`My Georgia Crackerjack,'" said the laconic drum.  

Orville Platt took a hasty side step in the direction of the door
toward which Terry was headed.  "It's a pretty thing," he said
fervently.  "An awful pretty thing.  Thanks.  It's beautiful." 


Terry flung a last insult at him over her shoulder:  "Don't
thank ME for it.  I didn't write it."  

Orville Platt did not go across the street to the hotel.  He
wandered up Cass Street, and into the ten-o'clock quiet of Main
Street, and down as far as the park and back.  "Pretty as a
pink!  And play! . . .  And good, too.  Good."  

A fat man in love.  

At the end of six months they were married.  Terry was surprised
into it.  Not that she was not fond of him.  She was; and
grateful to him, as well.  For, pretty as she was, no man had
ever before asked Terry to be his wife.   They had made love to
her.  They had paid court to her.  They had sent her large boxes
of stale drugstore chocolates, and called her endearing names as
they made cautious declarations such as:  

"I've known a lot of girls, but you've got something different. 





The History of The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire





If you find any errors please feel free to notify me of them. 
I want to make this the best etext edition possible for both
scholars and the general public.  Haradda@aol.com and
davidr@inconnect.com are my email addresses for now.  Please feel
free to send me your comments and I hope you enjoy this.  

David Reed                         



History Of The Decline And Fall Of The Roman Empire 

Edward Gibbon, Esq.

With notes by the Rev. H. H. Milman



Vol. 1



Introduction

Preface By The Editor.

     The great work of Gibbon is indispensable to the student of
history. The literature of Europe offers no substitute for "The
Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire." It has obtained undisputed
possession, as rightful occupant, of the vast period which it
comprehends.  However some subjects, which it embraces, may have
undergone more complete investigation, on the general view of the
whole period, this history is the sole undisputed authority to
which all defer, and from which few appeal to the original
writers, or to more modern compilers.  The inherent interest of
the subject, the inexhaustible labor employed upon it; the
immense condensation of matter; the luminous arrangement; the
general accuracy; the style, which, however monotonous from its
uniform stateliness, and sometimes wearisome from its elaborate
ar., is throughout vigorous, animated, often picturesque always
commands attention, always conveys its meaning with emphatic
energy, describes with singular breadth and fidelity, and
generalizes with unrivalled felicity of expression; all these
high qualifications have secured, and seem likely to secure, its
permanent place in historic literature. 

     This vast design of Gibbon, the magnificent whole into which
he has cast the decay and ruin of the ancient civilization, the
formation and birth of the new order of things, will of itself,
independent of the laborious execution of his immense plan,
render "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire" an
unapproachable subject to the future historian: ^* in the
eloquent language of his recent French editor, M. Guizot: - 
[Footnote * A considerable portion of this preface has already
appeared before us public in the Quarterly Review.]

     "The gradual decline of the most extraordinary dominion
which has ever invaded and oppressed the world; the fall of that
immense empire, erected on the ruins of so many kingdoms,
republics, and states both barbarous and civilized; and forming
in its turn, by its dismemberment, a multitude of states,
republics, and kingdoms; the annihilation of the religion of
Greece and Rome; the birth and the progress of the two new
religions which have shared the most beautiful regions of the
earth; the decrepitude of the ancient world, the spectacle of its
expiring glory and degenerate manners; the infancy of the modern
world, the picture of its first progress, of the new direction
given to the mind and character of man - such a subject must
necessarily fix the attention and excite the interest of men, who
cannot behold with indifference those memorable epochs, during
which, in the fine language of Corneille -

     'Un grand destin commence, un grand destin s'acheve.'"      
This extent and harmony of design is unquestionably that which
distinguishes the work of Gibbon from all other great historical
compositions.  He has first bridged the abyss between ancient and
modern times, and connected together the two great worlds of
history.  The great advantage which the classical historians
possess over those of modern times is in unity of plan, of course
greatly facilitated by the narrower sphere to which their
researches were confined.  Except Herodotus, the great historians
of Greece - we exclude the more modern compilers, like Diodorus
Siculus - limited themselves to a single period, or at 'east to
the contracted sphere of Grecian affairs.  As far as the
Barbarians trespassed within the Grecian boundary, or were
necessarily mingled up with Grecian politics, they were admitted
into the pale of Grecian history; but to Thucydides and to
Xenophon, excepting in the Persian inroad of the latter, Greece
was the world.  Natural unity confined their narrative almost to
chronological order, the episodes were of rare occurrence and
extremely brief.  To the Roman historians the course was equally
clear and defined.  Rome was their centre of unity; and the
uniformity with which the circle of the Roman dominion spread
around, the regularity with which their civil polity expanded,
forced, as it were, upon the Roman historian that plan which
Polybius announces as the subject of his history, the means and
the manner by which the whole world became subject to the Roman
sway.  How different the complicated politics of the European
kingdoms!  Every national history, to be complete, must, in a
certain sense, be the history of Europe; there is no knowing to
how remote a quarter it may be necessary to trace our most
domestic events; from a country, how apparently disconnected, may
originate the impulse which gives its direction to the whole
course of affairs.

     In imitation of his classical models, Gibbon places Rome as
the cardinal point from which his inquiries diverge, and to which
they bear constant reference; yet how immeasurable the space over
which those inquiries range; how complicated, how confused, how
apparently inextricable the causes which tend to the decline of
the Roman empire!  how countless the nations which swarm forth,
in mingling and indistinct hordes, constantly changing the
geographical limits - incessantly confounding the natural
boundaries!  At first sight, the whole period, the whole state of
the world, seems to offer no more secure footing to an historical
adventurer than the chaos of Milton -  to be in a state of
irreclaimable disorder, best described in the language of the
poet: -

      - "A dark
     Illimitable ocean, without bound,
     Without dimension, where length, breadth, and height,       

     And time, and place, are lost: where eldest Night
     And Chaos, ancestors of Nature, hold
     Eternal anarchy, amidst the noise
     Of endless wars, and by confusion stand."

     We feel that the unity and harmony of narrative, which shall
comprehend this period of social disorganization, must be
ascribed entirely to the skill and luminous disposition of the
historian.  It is in this sublime Gothic architecture of his
work, in which the boundless range, the infinite variety, the, at
first sight, incongruous gorgeousness of the separate parts,
nevertheless are all subordinate to one main and predominant
idea, that Gibbon is unrivalled.  We cannot but admire the manner
in which he masses his materials, and arranges his facts in
successive groups, not according to chronological order, but to
their moral or political connection; the distinctness with which
he marks his periods of gradually increasing decay; and the skill
with which, though advancing on separate parallels of history, he
shows the common tendency of the slower or more rapid religious
or civil innovations.  However these principles of composition
may demand more than ordinary attention on the part of the
reader, they can alone impress upon the memory the real course,
and the relative importance of the events.  Whoever would justly
appreciate the superiority of Gibbon's lucid arrangement, should
attempt to make his way through the regular but wearisome annals
of Tillemont, or even the less ponderous volumes of Le Beau. 
Both these writers adhere, almost entirely, to chronological
order; the consequence is, that we are twenty times called upon
to break off, and resume the thread of six or eight wars in
different parts of the empire; to suspend the operations of a
military expedition for a court intrigue; to hurry away from a
siege to a council; and the same page places us in the middle of
a campaign against the barbarians, and in the depths of the
Monophysite controversy.  In Gibbon it is not always easy to bear
in mind the exact dates but the course of events is ever clear
and distinct; like a skilful general, though his troops advance
from the most remote and opposite quarters, they are constantly
bearing down and concentrating themselves on one point - that
which is still occupied by the name, and by the waning power of
Rome.  Whether he traces the progress of hostile religions, or
leads from the shores of the Baltic, or the verge of the Chinese
empire, the successive hosts of barbarians - though one wave has
hardly burst and discharged itself, before another swells up and
approaches -  all is made to flow in the same direction, and the
impression which each makes upon the tottering fabric of the
Roman greatness, connects their distant movements, and measures
the relative importance assigned to them in the panoramic
history.  The more peaceful and didactic episodes on the
development of the Roman law, or even on the details of
ecclesiastical history, interpose themselves as resting-places or
divisions between the periods of barbaric invasion.  In short,
though distracted first by the two capitals, and afterwards by
the formal partition of the empire, the extraordinary felicity of
arrangement maintains an order and a regular progression.  As our
horizon expands to reveal to us the gathering tempests which are
forming far beyond the boundaries of the civilized world - as we
follow their successive approach to the trembling frontier - the
compressed and receding line is still distinctly visible; though
gradually dismembered and the broken fragments assuming the form
of regular states and kingdoms, the real relation of those
kingdoms to the empire is maintained and defined; and even when
the Roman dominion has shrunk into little more than the province
of Thrace - when the name of Rome, confined, in Italy, to the
walls of the city - yet it is still the memory, the shade of the
Roman greatness, which extends over the wide sphere into which
the historian expands his later narrative; the whole blends into
the unity, and is manifestly essential to the double catastrophe
of his tragic drama.

     But the amplitude, the magnificence, or the harmony of
design, are, though imposing, yet unworthy claims on our
admiration, unless the details are filled up with correctness and
accuracy.  No writer has been more severely tried on this point
than Gibbon.  He has undergone the triple scrutiny of theological
zeal quickened by just resentment, of literary emulation, and of
that mean and invidious vanity which delights in detecting errors
in writers of established fame.  On the result of the trial, we
may be permitted to summon competent witnesses before we deliver
our own judgment. 

     M. Guizot, in his preface, after stating that in France and
Germany, as well as in England, in the most enlightened countries
of Europe, Gibbon is constantly cited as an authority, thus
proceeds: -

     "I have had occasion, during my labors, to consult the
writings of philosophers, who have treated on the finances of the
Roman empire; of scholars, who have investigated the chronology;
of theologians, who have searched the depths of ecclesiastical
history; of writers on law, who have studied with care the Roman
jurisprudence; of Orientalists, who have occupied themselves with
the Arabians and the Koran; of modern historians, who have
entered upon extensive researches touching the crusades and their
influence; each of these writers has remarked and pointed out, in
the 'History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire,' some
negligences, some false or imperfect views some omissions, which
it is impossible not to suppose voluntary; they have rectified
some facts combated with advantage some assertions; but in
general they have taken the researches and the ideas of Gibbon,
as points of departure, or as proofs of the researches or of the
new opinions which they have advanced."

     M. Guizot goes on to state his own impressions on reading
Gibbon's history, and no authority will have greater weight with
those to whom the extent and accuracy of his historical
researches are known: - 

     "After a first rapid perusal, which allowed me to feel
nothing but the interest of a narrative, always animated, and,
notwithstanding its extent and the variety of objects which it
makes to pass before the view, always perspicuous, I entered upon
a minute examination of the details of which it was composed; and
the opinion which I then formed was, I confess, singularly
severe.  I discovered, in certain chapters, errors which appeared
to me sufficiently important and numerous to make me believe that
they had been written with extreme negligence; in others, I was
struck with a certain tinge of partiality and prejudice, which
imparted to the exposition of the facts that want of truth and
justice, which the English express by their happy term
misrepresentation.  Some imperfect (tronquees) quotations; some
passages, omitted unintentionally or designedly cast a suspicion
on the honesty (bonne foi) of the author; and his violation of
the first law of history - increased to my eye by the prolonged
attention with which I occupied myself with every phrase, every
note, every reflection - caused me to form upon the whole work, a
judgment far too rigorous.  After having finished my labors, I
allowed some time to elapse before I reviewed the whole.  A
second attentive and regular perusal of the entire work, of the
notes of the author, and of those which I had thought it right to
subjoin, showed me how much I had exaggerated the importance of
the reproaches which Gibbon really deserved; I was struck with
the same errors, the same partiality on certain subjects; but I
had been far from doing adequate justice to the immensity of his
researches, the variety of his knowledge, and above all, to that
truly philosophical discrimination (justesse d'esprit) which
judges the past as it would judge the present; which does not
permit itself to be blinded by the clouds which time gathers
around the dead, and which prevent us from seeing that, under the
toga, as under the modern dress, in the senate as in our
councils, men were what they still are, and that events took
place eighteen centuries ago, as they take place in our days.  I
then felt that his book, in spite of its faults, will always be a
noble work - and that we may correct his errors and combat his
prejudices, without ceasing to admit that few men have combined,
if we are not to say in so high a degree, at least in a manner so
complete, and so well regulated, the necessary qualifications for
a writer of history."

     The present editor has followed the track of Gibbon through
many parts of his work; he has read his authorities with constant
reference to his pages, and must pronounce his deliberate
judgment, in terms of the highest admiration as to his general
accuracy.  Many of his seeming errors are almost inevitable from
the close condensation of his matter.  From the immense range of
his history, it was sometimes necessary to compress into a single
sentence, a whole vague and diffuse page of a Byzantine
chronicler.  Perhaps something of importance may have thus
escaped, and his expressions may not quite contain the whole
substance of the passage from which they are taken. His limits,
at times, compel him to sketch; where that is the case, it is not
fair to expect the full details of the finished picture.  At
times he can only deal with important results; and in his account
of a war, it sometimes requires great attention to discover that
the events which seem to be comprehended in a single campaign,
occupy several years.  But this admirable skill in selecting and
giving prominence to the points which are of real weight and
importance - this distribution of light and shade - though
perhaps it may occasionally betray him into vague and imperfect
statements, is one of the highest excellencies of Gibbon's
historic manner.  It is the more striking, when we pass from the
works of his chief authorities, where, after laboring through
long, minute, and wearisome descriptions of the accessary and
subordinate circumstances, a single unmarked and undistinguished
sentence, which we may overlook from the inattention of fatigue,
contains the great moral and political result.

     Gibbon's method of arrangement, though on the whole most
favorable to the clear comprehension of the events, leads
likewise to apparent inaccuracy. That which we expect to find in
one part is reserved for another.  The estimate which we are to
form, depends on the accurate balance of statements in remote
parts of the work; and we have sometimes to correct and modify
opinions, formed from one chapter by those of another.  Yet, on
the other hand, it is astonishing how rarely we detect
contradiction; the mind of the author has already harmonized the
whole result to truth and probability; the general impression is
almost invariably the same.  The quotations of Gibbon have
likewise been called in question; - I have, in general, been more
inclined to admire their exactitude, than to complain of their
indistinctness, or incompleteness.  Where they are imperfect, it
is commonly from the study of brevity, and rather from the desire
of compressing the substance of his notes into pointed and
emphatic sentences, than from dishonesty, or uncandid suppression
of truth.

     These observations apply more particularly to the accuracy
and fidelity of the historian as to his facts; his inferences, of
course, are more liable to exception.  It is almost impossible to
trace the line between unfairness and unfaithfulness; between
intentional misrepresentation and undesigned false coloring.  The
relative magnitude and importance of events must, in some
respect, depend upon the mind before which they are presented;
the estimate of character, on the habits and feelings of the
reader.  Christians, like M. Guizot and ourselves, will see some
things, and some persons, in a different light from the historian
of the Decline and Fall.  We may deplore the bias of his mind; we
may ourselves be on our guard against the danger of being misled,
and be anxious to warn less wary readers against the same perils;
but we must not confound this secret and unconscious departure
from truth, with the deliberate violation of that veracity which
is the only title of an historian to our confidence.  Gibbon, it
may be fearlessly asserted, is rarely chargeable even with the
suppression of any material fact, which bears upon individual
character; he may, with apparently invidious hostility, enhance
the errors and crimes, and disparage the virtues of certain
persons; yet, in general, he leaves us the materials for forming
a fairer judgment; and if he is not exempt from his own
prejudices, perhaps we might write passions, yet it must be
candidly acknowledged, that his philosophical bigotry is not more
unjust than the theological partialities of those ecclesiastical
writers who were before in undisputed possession of this province
of history.

     We are thus naturally led to that great misrepresentation
which pervades his history - his false estimate of the nature and
influence of Christianity. 

     But on this subject some preliminary caution is necessary,
lest that should be expected from a new edition, which it is
impossible that it should completely accomplish.  We must first
be prepared with the only sound preservative against the false
impression likely to be produced by the perusal of Gibbon; and we
must see clearly the real cause of that false impression.  The
former of these cautions will be briefly suggested in its proper
place, but it may be as well to state it, here, somewhat more at
length.  The art of Gibbon, or at least the unfair impression
produced by his two memorable chapters, consists in his
confounding together, in one indistinguishable mass, the origin
and apostolic propagation of the new religion, with its later
progress.  No argument for the divine authority of Christianity
has been urged with greater force, or traced with higher
eloquence, than that deduced from its primary development,
explicable on no other hypothesis than a heavenly origin, and
from its rapid extension through great part of the Roman empire. 
But this argument - one, when confined within reasonable limits,
of unanswerable force - becomes more feeble and disputable in
proportion as it recedes from the birthplace, as it were, of the
religion.  The further Christianity advanced, the more causes
purely human were enlisted in its favor; nor can it be doubted
that those developed with such artful exclusiveness by Gibbon did
concur most essentially to its establishment.  It is in the
Christian dispensation, as in the material world.  In both it is
as the great First Cause, that the Deity is most undeniably
manifest.  When once launched in regular motion upon the bosom of
space, and endowed with all their properties and relations of
weight and mutual attraction, the heavenly bodies appear to
pursue their courses according to secondary laws, which account
for all their sublime regularity. So Christianity proclaims its
Divine Author chiefly in its first origin and development.  When
it had once received its impulse from above - when it had once
been infused into the minds of its first teachers - when it had
gained full possession of the reason and affections of the
favored few - it might be - and to the Protestant, the rationa
Christian, it is impossible to define when it really was - left
to make its way by its native force, under the ordinary secret
agencies of all-ruling Providence.  The main question, the divine
origin of the religion, was dexterously eluded, or speciously
conceded by Gibbon; his plan enabled him to commence his account,
in most parts, below the apostolic times; and it was only by the
strength of the dark coloring with which he brought out the
failings and the follies of the succeeding ages, that a shadow of
doubt and suspicion was thrown back upon the primitive period of
Christianity.


     "The theologian," says Gibbon, "may indulge the pleasing
task of describing religion as she descended from heaven, arrayed
in her native purity; a more melancholy duty is imposed upon the
historian: - he must discover the inevitable mixture of error and
corruption which she contracted in a long residence upon earth
among a weak and degenerate race of beings." Divest this passage
of the latent sarcasm betrayed by the subsequent tone of the
whole disquisition, and it might commence a Christian history
written in the most Christian spirit of candor.  But as the
historian, by seeming to respect, yet by dexterously confounding
the limits of the sacred land, contrived to insinuate that it was
an Utopia which had no existence but in the imagination of the
theologian - as he suggested rather than affirmed that the days
of Christian purity were a kind of poetic golden age; - so the
theologian, by venturing too far into the domain of the
historian, has been perpetually obliged to contest points on
which he had little chance of victory - to deny facts established
on unshaken evidence - and thence, to retire, if not with the
shame of defeat, yet with but doubtful and imperfect success.  
     Paley, with his intuitive sagacity, saw through the
difficulty of answering Gibbon by the ordinary arts of
controversy; his emphatic sentence, "Who can refute a sneer?"
contains as much truth as point.  But full and pregnant as this
phrase is, it is not quite the whole truth; it is the tone in
which the progress of Christianity is traced, in comparison with
the rest of the splendid and prodigally ornamented work, which is
the radical defect in the "Decline and Fall." Christianity alone
receives no embellishment from the magic of Gibbon's language;
his imagination is dead to its moral dignity; it is kept down by
a general zone of jealous disparagement, or neutralized by a
painfully elaborate exposition of its darker and degenerate
periods.  There are occasions, indeed, when its pure and exalted
humanity, when its manifestly beneficial influence, can compel
even him, as it were, to fairness, and kindle his unguarded
eloquence to its usual fervor; but, in general, he soon relapses
into a frigid apathy; affects an ostentatiously severe
impartiality; notes all the faults of Christians in every age
with bitter and almost malignant sarcasm; reluctantly, and with
exception and reservation, admits their claim to admiration. 
This inextricable bias appears even to influence his manner of
composition.  While all the other assailants of the Roman empire,
whether warlike or religious, the Goth, the Hun, the Arab, the
Tartar, Alaric and Attila, Mahomet, and Zengis, and Tamerlane,
are each introduced upon the scene almost with dramatic animation
- their progress related in a full, complete, and unbroken
narrative - the triumph of Christianity alone takes the form of a
cold and critical disquisition.  The successes of barbarous
energy and brute force call forth all the consummate skill of
composition; while the moral triumphs of Christian benevolence -
the tranquil heroism of endurance, the blameless purity, the
contempt of guilty fame and of honors destructive to the human
race, which, had they assumed the proud name of philosophy, would
have been blazoned in his brightest words, because they own
religion as their principle - sink into narrow asceticism.  The
glories of Christianity, in short, touch on no chord in the heart
of the writer; his imagination remains unkindled; his words,
though they maintain their stately and measured march, have
become cool, argumentative, and inanimate.  Who would obscure one
hue of that gorgeous coloring in which Gibbon has invested the
dying forms of Paganism, or darken one paragraph in his splendid
view of the rise and progress of Mahometanism?  But who would not
have wished that the same equal justice had been done to
Christianity; that its real character and deeply penetrating
influence had been traced with the same philosophical sagacity,
and represented with more sober, as would become its quiet
course, and perhaps less picturesque, but still with lively and
attractive, descriptiveness?  He might have thrown aside, with
the same scorn, the mass of ecclesiastical fiction which envelops
the early history of the church, stripped off the legendary
romance, and brought out the facts in their primitive nakedness
and simplicity - if he had but allowed those facts the benefit of
the glowing eloquence which he denied to them alone.  He might
have annihilated the whole fabric of post-apostolic miracles, if
he had left uninjured by sarcastic insinuation those of the New
Testament; he might have cashiered, with Dodwell, the whole host
of martyrs, which owe their existence to the prodigal invention
of later days, had he but bestowed fair room, and dwelt with his
ordinary energy on the sufferings of the genuine witnesses to the
truth of Christianity, the Polycarps, or the martyrs of Vienne.  
     And indeed, if, after all, the view of the early progress of
Christianity be melancholy and humiliating we must beware lest we
charge the whole of this on the infidelity of the historian.  It
is idle, it is disingenuous, to deny or to dissemble the early
depravations of Christianity, its gradual but rapid departure
from its primitive simplicity and purity, still more, from its
spirit of universal love.  It may be no unsalutary lesson to the
Christian world, that this silent, this unavoidable, perhaps, yet
fatal change shall have been drawn by an impartial, or even an
hostile hand.  The Christianity of every age may take warning,
lest by its own narrow views, its want of wisdom, and its want of
charity, it give the same advantage to the future unfriendly
historian, and disparage the cause of true religion.

     The design of the present edition is partly corrective,
partly supplementary: corrective, by notes, which point out (it
is hoped, in a perfectly candid and dispassionate spirit with no
desire but to establish the truth) such inaccuracies or
misstatements as may have been detected, particularly with regard
to Christianity; and which thus, with the previous caution, may
counteract to a considerable extent the unfair and unfavorable
impression created against rational religion: supplementary, by
adding such additional information as the editor's reading may
have been able to furnish, from original documents or books, not
accessible at the time when Gibbon wrote.

     The work originated in the editor's habit of noting on the
margin of his copy of Gibbon references to such authors as had
discovered errors, or thrown new light on the subjects treated by
Gibbon.  These had grown to some extent, and seemed to him likely
to be of use to others.  The annotations of M. Guizot also
appeared to him worthy of being better known to the English
public than they were likely to be, as appended to the French
translation. 

     The chief works from which the editor has derived his
materials are, I. The French translation, with notes by M.
Guizot; 2d edition, Paris, 1828. The editor has translated almost
all the notes of M. Guizot.  Where he has not altogether agreed
with him, his respect for the learning and judgment of that
writer has, in general, induced him to retain the statement from
which he has ventured to differ, with the grounds on which he
formed his own opinion.  In the notes on Christianity, he has
retained all those of M. Guizot, with his own, from the
conviction, that on such a subject, to many, the authority of a
French statesman, a Protestant, and a rational and sincere
Christian, would appear more independent and unbiassed, and
therefore be more commanding, than that of an English clergyman. 


     The editor has not scrupled to transfer the notes of M.
Guizot to the present work.  The well-known??eal for knowledge,
displayed in all the writings of that distinguished historian,
has led to the natural inference, that he would not be displeased
at the attempt to make them of use to the English readers of
Gibbon.  The notes of M. Guizot are signed with the letter G.  

     II.  The German translation, with the notes of Wenck. 
Unfortunately this learned translator died, after having
completed only the first volume; the rest of the work was
executed by a very inferior hand. 

     The notes of Wenck are extremely valuable; many of them have
been adopted by M. Guizot; they are distinguished by the letter
W. ^* 

[Footnote *: The editor regrets that he has not been able to find
the Italian translation, mentioned by Gibbon himself with some
respect.  It is not in our great libraries, the Museum or the
Bodleian; and he has never found any bookseller in London who has
seen it.]

     III.  The new edition of Le Beau's "Histoire du Bas Empire,
with notes by M. St. Martin, and M. Brosset." That distinguished
Armenian scholar, M. St. Martin (now, unhappily, deceased) had
added much information from Oriental writers, particularly from
those of Armenia, as well as from more general sources.  Many of
his observations have been found as applicable to the work of
Gibbon as to that of Le Beau.

     IV. The editor has consulted the various answers made to
Gibbon on the first appearance of his work; he must confess, with
little profit.  They were, in general, hastily compiled by
inferior and now forgotten writers, with the exception of Bishop
Watson, whose able apology is rather a general argument, than an
examination of misstatements.  The name of Milner stands higher
with a certain class of readers, but will not carry much weight
with the severe investigator of history.

     V. Some few classical works and fragments have come to
light, since the appearance of Gibbon's History, and have been
noticed in their respective places; and much use has been made,
in the latter volumes particularly, of the increase to our stores
of Oriental literature.  The editor cannot, indeed, pretend to
have followed his author, in these gleanings, over the whole vast
field of his inquiries; he may have overlooked or may not have
been able to command some works, which might have thrown still
further light on these subjects; but he trusts that what he has
adduced will be of use to the student of historic truth.

     The editor would further observe, that with regard to some
other objectionable passages, which do not involve misstatement
or inaccuracy, he has intentionally abstained from directing
particular attention towards them by any special protest.

     The editor's notes are marked M.

     A considerable part of the quotations (some of which in the
later editions had fallen into great confusion) have been
verified, and have been corrected by the latest and best editions
of the authors.

     June, 1845.

     In this new edition, the text and the notes have been
carefully revised, the latter by the editor.

     Some additional notes have been subjoined, distinguished by
the signature M. 1845.

Preface Of The Author.

     It is not my intention to detain the reader by expa??iating
on the variety or the importance of the subject, which I have
undertaken to treat; since the merit of the choice would serve to
render the weakness of the execution still more apparent, and
still less excusable.  But as I have presumed to lay before the
public a first volume only ^1 of the History of the Decline and
Fall of the Roman Empire, it will, perhaps, be expected that I
should explain, in a few words, the nature and limits of my
general plan. 

[Footnote 1: The first volume of the quarto, which contained the
sixteen first chapters.]

     The memorable series of revolutions, which in the course of
about thirteen centuries gradually undermined, and at length
destroyed, the solid fabric of human greatness, may, with some
propriety, be divided into the three following periods:

     I.  The first of these periods may be traced from the age of
Trajan and the Antonines, when the Roman monarchy, having
attained its full strength and maturity, began to verge towards
its decline; and will extend to the subversion of the Western
Empire, by the barbarians of Germany and Scythia, the rude
ancestors of the most polished nations of modern Europe.  This
extraordinary revolution, which subjected Rome to the power of a
Gothic conqueror, was completed about the beginning of the sixth
century. 

     II.  The second period of the Decline and Fall of Rome may
be supposed to commence with the reign of Justinian, who, by his
laws, as well as by his victories, restored a transient splendor
to the Eastern Empire.  It will comprehend the invasion of Italy
by the Lombards; the conquest of the Asiatic and African
provinces by the Arabs, who embraced the religion of Mahomet; the
revolt of the Roman people against the feeble princes of
Constantinople; and the elevation of Charlemagne, who, in the
year eight hundred, established the second, or German Empire of
the West

     III.  The last and longest of these periods includes about
six centuries and a half; from the revival of the Western Empire,
till the taking of Constantinople by the Turks, and the
extinction of a degenerate race of princes, who continued to
assume the titles of Caesar and Augustus, after their dominions
were contracted to the limits of a single city; in which the
language, as well as manners, of the ancient Romans, had been
long since forgotten.  The writer who should undertake to relate
the events of this period, would find himself obliged to enter
into the general history of the Crusades, as far as they
contributed to the ruin of the Greek Empire; and he would
scarcely be able to restrain his curiosity from making some
inquiry into the state of the city of Rome, during the darkness
and confusion of the middle ages.

     As I have ventured, perhaps too hastily, to commit to the
press a work which in every sense of the word, deserves the
epithet of imperfect.  I consider myself as contracting an
engagement to finish, most probably in a second volume, ^2 the
first of these memorable periods; and to deliver to the Public
the complete History of the Decline and Fall of Rome, from the
age of the Antonines to the subversion of the Western Empire. 
With regard to the subsequent periods, though I may entertain
some hopes, I dare not presume to give any assurances.  The
execution of the extensive plan which I have described, would
connect the ancient and modern history of the world; but it would
require many years of health, of leisure, and of perseverance.   
[Footnote 2: The Author, as it frequently happens, took an
inadequate measure of his growing work.  The remainder of the
first period has filled two volumes in quarto, being the third,
fourth, fifth, and sixth volumes of the octavo edition.]

     Bentinck Street, February 1, 1776.

     P. S. The entire History, which is now published, of the
Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire in the West, abundantly
discharges my engagements with the Public.  Perhaps their
favorable opinion may encourage me to prosecute a work, which,
however laborious it may seem, is the most agreeable occupation
of my leisure hours.

     Bentinck Street, March 1, 1781.

     An Author easily persuades himself that the public opinion
is still favorable to his labors; and I have now embraced the
serious resolution of proceeding to the last period of my
original design, and of the Roman Empire, the taking of
Constantinople by the Turks, in the year one thousand four
hundred and fifty-three.  The most patient Reader, who computes
that three ponderous ^3 volumes have been already employed on the
events of four centuries, may, perhaps, be alarmed at the long
prospect of nine hundred years.  But it is not my intention to
expatiate with the same minuteness on the whole series of the
Byzantine history.  At our entrance into this period, the reign
of Justinian, and the conquests of the Mahometans, will deserve
and detain our attention, and the last age of Constantinople (the
Crusades and the Turks) is connected with the revolutions of
Modern Europe.  From the seventh to the eleventh century, the
obscure interval will be supplied by a concise narrative of such
facts as may still appear either interesting or important.  
[Footnote 3: The first six volumes of the octavo edition.]      
Bentinck Street, March 1, 1782.

Preface To The First Volume.

     Diligence and accuracy are the only merits which an
historical writer may ascribe to himself; if any merit, indeed,
can be assumed from the performance of an indispensable duty.  I
may therefore be allowed to say, that I have carefully examined
all the original materials that could illustrate the subject
which I had undertaken to treat.  Should I ever complete the
extensive design which has been sketched out in the Preface, I
might perhaps conclude it with a critical account of the authors
consulted during the progress of the whole work; and however such
an attempt might incur the censure of ostentation, I am persuaded
that it would be susceptible of entertainment, as well as
information.

     At present I shall content myself with a single observation.

The biographers, who, under the reigns of Diocletian and
Constantine, composed, or rather compiled, the lives of the
Emperors, from Hadrian to the sons of Carus, are usually
mentioned under the names of Aelius Spartianus, Julius
Capitolinus, Aelius Lampridius, Vulcatius Gallicanus, Trebellius
Pollio and Flavius Vopiscus.  But there is so much perplexity in
the titles of the MSS., and so many disputes have arisen among
the critics (see Fabricius, Biblioth. Latin. l. iii. c. 6)
concerning their number, their names, and their respective
property, that for the most part I have quoted them without
distinction, under the general and well-known title of the
Augustan History. 

Preface To The Fourth Volume Of The Original Quarto Edition.     

I now discharge my promise, and complete my design, of writing
the History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, both in
the West and the East.  The whole period extends from the age of
Trajan and the Antonines, to the taking of Constantinople by
Mahomet the Second; and includes a review of the Crusades, and
the state of Rome during the middle ages.  Since the publication
of the first volume, twelve years have elapsed; twelve years,
according to my wish, "of health, of leisure, and of
perseverance." I may now congratulate my deliverance from a long
and laborious service, and my satisfaction will be pure and
perfect, if the public favor should be extended to the conclusion
of my work.

     It was my first intention to have collected, under one view,
the numerous authors, of every age and language, from whom I have
derived the materials of this history; and I am still convinced
that the apparent ostentation would be more than compensated by
real use.  If I have renounced this idea, if I have declined an
undertaking which had obtained the approbation of a
master-artist, ^* my excuse may be found in the extreme
difficulty of assigning a proper measure to such a catalogue.  A
naked list of names and editions would not be satisfactory either
to myself or my readers: the characters of the principal Authors
of the Roman and Byzantine History have been occasionally
connected with the events which they describe; a more copious and
critical inquiry might indeed deserve, but it would demand, an
elaborate volume, which might swell by degrees into a general
library of historical writers.  For the present, I shall content
myself with renewing my serious protestation, that I have always
endeavored to draw from the fountain-head; that my curiosity, as
well as a sense of duty, has always urged me to study the
originals; and that, if they have sometimes eluded my search, I
have carefully marked the secondary evidence, on whose faith a
passage or a fact were reduced to depend.

[Footnote *: See Dr. Robertson's Preface to his History of
America.] 

     I shall soon revisit the banks of the Lake of Lausanne, a
country which I have known and loved from my early youth.  Under
a mild government, amidst a beauteous landscape, in a life of
leisure and independence, and among a people of easy and elegant
manners, I have enjoyed, and may again hope to enjoy, the varied
pleasures of retirement and society.  But I shall ever glory in
the name and character of an Englishman: I am proud of my birth
in a free and enlightened country; and the approbation of that
country is the best and most honorable reward of my labors.  Were
I ambitious of any other Patron than the Public, I would inscribe
this work to a Statesman, who, in a long, a stormy, and at length
an unfortunate administration, had many political opponents,
almost without a personal enemy; who has retained, in his fall
from power, many faithful and disinterested friends; and who,
under the pressure of severe infirmity, enjoys the lively vigor
of his mind, and the felicity of his incomparable temper.  Lord
North will permit me to express the feelings of friendship in the
language of truth: but even truth and friendship should be
silent, if he still dispensed the favors of the crown.

     In a remote solitude, vanity may still whisper in my ear,
that my readers, perhaps, may inquire whether, in the conclusion
of the present work, I am now taking an everlasting farewell. 
They shall hear all that I know myself, and all that I could
reveal to the most intimate friend.  The motives of action or
silence are now equally balanced; nor can I pronounce, in my most
secret thoughts, on which side the scale will preponderate.  I
cannot dissemble that six quartos must have tried, and may have
exhausted, the indulgence of the Public; that, in the repetition
of similar attempts, a successful Author has much more to lose
than he can hope to gain; that I am now descending into the vale
of years; and that the most respectable of my countrymen, the men
whom I aspire to imitate, have resigned the pen of history about
the same period of their lives.  Yet I consider that the annals
of ancient and modern times may afford many rich and interesting
subjects; that I am still possessed of health and leisure; that
by the practice of writing, some skill and facility must be
acquired; and that, in the ardent pursuit of truth and knowledge,
I am not conscious of decay.  To an active mind, indolence is
more painful than labor; and the first months of my liberty will
be occupied and amused in the excursions of curiosity and taste.
By such temptations, I have been sometimes seduced from the rigid
duty even of a pleasing and voluntary task: but my time will now
be my own; and in the use or abuse of independence, I shall no
longer fear my own reproaches or those of my friends.  I am
fairly entitled to a year of jubilee: next summer and the
following winter will rapidly pass away; and experience only can
determine whether I shall still prefer the freedom and variety of
study to the design and composition of a regular work, which
animates, while it confines, the daily application of the Author.

Caprice and accident may influence my choice; but the dexterity
of self-love will contrive to applaud either active industry or
philosophic repose.

     Downing Street, May 1, 1788.

     P. S. I shall embrace this opportunity of introducing two
verbal remarks, which have not conveniently offered themselves to
my notice.  1.  As often as I use the definitions of beyond the
Alps, the Rhine, the Danube, &c., I generally suppose myself at
Rome, and afterwards at Constantinople; without observing whether
this relative geography may agree with the local, but variable,
situation of the reader, or the historian.  2.  In proper names
of foreign, and especially of Oriental origin, it should be
always our aim to express, in our English version, a faithful
copy of the original.  But this rule, which is founded on a just
regard to uniformity and truth, must often be relaxed; and the
exceptions will be limited or enlarged by the custom of the
language and the taste of the interpreter.  Our alphabets may be
often defective; a harsh sound, an uncouth spelling, might offend
the ear or the eye of our countrymen; and some words, notoriously
corrupt, are fixed, and, as it were, naturalized in the vulgar
tongue.  The prophet Mohammed can no longer be stripped of the
famous, though improper, appellation of Mahomet: the well-known
cities of Aleppo, Damascus, and Cairo, would almost be lost in
the strange descriptions of Haleb, Demashk, and Al Cahira: the
titles and offices of the Ottoman empire are fashioned by the
practice of three hundred years; and we are pleased to blend the
three Chinese monosyllables, Con-fu- tzee, in the respectable
name of Confucius, or even to adopt the Portuguese corruption of
Mandarin.  But I would vary the use of Zoroaster and Zerdusht, as
I drew my information from Greece or Persia: since our connection
with India, the genuine Timour is restored to the throne of
Tamerlane: our most correct writers have retrenched the Al, the
superfluous article, from the Koran; and we escape an ambiguous
termination, by adopting Moslem instead of Musulman, in the
plural number.  In these, and in a thousand examples, the shades
of distinction are often minute; and I can feel, where I cannot
explain, the motives of my choice.




Chapter I: The Extent Of The Empire In The Age Of The Antonines. 

Anoninies.  
Part I.

Introduction.

The Extent And Military Force Of The Empire In The Age Of The
Antonines. 

     In the second century of the Christian Aera, the empire of
Rome comprehended the fairest part of the earth, and the most
civilized portion of mankind.  The frontiers of that extensive
monarchy were guarded by ancient renown and disciplined valor. 
The gentle but powerful influence of laws and manners had
gradually cemented the union of the provinces.  Their peaceful
inhabitants enjoyed and abused the advantages of wealth and
luxury.  The image of a free constitution was preserved with
decent reverence: the Roman senate appeared to possess the
sovereign authority, and devolved on the emperors all the
executive powers of government.  During a happy period of more
than fourscore years, the public administration was conducted by
the virtue and abilities of Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian, and the two
Antonines.  It is the design of this, and of the two succeeding
chapters, to describe the prosperous condition of their empire;
and after wards, from the death of Marcus Antoninus, to deduce
the most important circumstances of its decline and fall; a
revolution which will ever be remembered, and is still felt by
the nations of the earth.

     The principal conquests of the Romans were achieved under
the republic; and the emperors, for the most part, were satisfied
with preserving those dominions which had been acquired by the
policy of the senate, the active emulations of the consuls, and
the martial enthusiasm of the people.  The seven first centuries
were filled with a rapid succession of triumphs; but it was
reserved for Augustus to relinquish the ambitious design of
subduing the whole earth, and to introduce a spirit of moderation
into the public councils.  Inclined to peace by his temper and
situation, it was easy for him to discover that Rome, in her
present exalted situation, had much less to hope than to fear
from the chance of arms; and that, in the prosecution of remote
wars, the undertaking became every day more difficult, the event
more doubtful, and the possession more precarious, and less
beneficial.  The experience of Augustus added weight to these
salutary reflections, and effectually convinced him that, by the
prudent vigor of his counsels, it would be easy to secure every
concession which the safety or the dignity of Rome might require
from the most formidable barbarians.  Instead of exposing his
person and his legions to the arrows of the Parthians, he
obtained, by an honorable treaty, the restitution of the
standards and prisoners which had been taken in the defeat of
Crassus. ^1

[Footnote 1: Dion Cassius, (l. liv. p. 736,) with the annotations
of Reimar, who has collected all that Roman vanity has left upon
the subject.  The marble of Ancyra, on which Augustus recorded
his own exploits, asserted that he compelled the Parthians to
restore the ensigns of Crassus.] 

     His generals, in the early part of his reign, attempted the
reduction of Ethiopia and Arabia Felix.  They marched near a
thousand miles to the south of the tropic; but the heat of the
climate soon repelled the invaders, and protected the un-warlike
natives of those sequestered regions. ^2 The northern countries
of Europe scarcely deserved the expense and labor of conquest. 
The forests and morasses of Germany were filled with a hardy race
of barbarians, who despised life when it was separated from
freedom; and though, on the first attack, they seemed to yield to
the weight of the Roman power, they soon, by a signal act of
despair, regained their independence, and reminded Augustus of
the vicissitude of fortune. ^3 On the death of that emperor, his
testament was publicly read in the senate.  He bequeathed, as a
valuable legacy to his successors, the advice of confining the
empire within those limits which nature seemed to have placed as
its permanent bulwarks and boundaries: on the west, the Atlantic
Ocean; the Rhine and Danube on the north; the Euphrates on the
east; and towards the south, the sandy deserts of Arabia and
Africa. ^4

[Footnote 2: Strabo, (l. xvi. p. 780,) Pliny the elder, (Hist.
Natur. l. vi. c. 32, 35, [28, 29,] and Dion Cassius, (l. liii. p.
723, and l. liv. p. 734,) have left us very curious details
concerning these wars.  The Romans made themselves masters of
Mariaba, or Merab, a city of Arabia Felix, well known to the
Orientals.  (See Abulfeda and the Nubian geography, p. 52) They
were arrived within three days' journey of the spice country, the
rich object of their invasion.

     Note: It is the city of Merab that the Arabs say was the
residence of Belkis, queen of Saba, who desired to see Solomon. 
A dam, by which the waters collected in its neighborhood were
kept back, having been swept away, the sudden inundation
destroyed this city, of which, nevertheless, vestiges remain.  It
bordered on a country called Adramout, where a particular
aromatic plant grows: it is for this reason that we real in the
history of the Roman expedition, that they were arrived within
three days' journey of the spice country. - G.  Compare
Malte-Brun, Geogr. Eng. trans. vol. ii. p. 215.  The period of
this flood has been copiously discussed by Reiske, (Program. de
vetusta Epocha Arabum, ruptura cataractae Merabensis.) Add.
Johannsen, Hist. Yemanae, p. 282.  Bonn, 1828; and see Gibbon,
note 16. to Chap. L. - M. 

     Note: Two, according to Strabo.  The detailed account of
Strabo makes the invaders fail before Marsuabae: this cannot be
the same place as Mariaba. Ukert observes, that Aelius Gallus
would not have failed for want of water before Mariaba.  (See M.
Guizot's note above.) "Either, therefore, they were different
places, or Strabo is mistaken." (Ukert, Geographic der Griechen
und Romer, vol. i. p. 181.) Strabo, indeed, mentions Mariaba
distinct from Marsuabae.  Gibbon has followed Pliny in reckoning
Mariaba among the conquests of Gallus.  There can be little doubt
that he is wrong, as Gallus did not approach the capital of
Sabaea.  Compare the note of the Oxford editor of Strabo. - M.] 
[Footnote 3: By the slaughter of Varus and his three legions. 
See the first book of the Annals of Tacitus.  Sueton. in August.
c. 23, and Velleius Paterculus, l. ii. c. 117, &c.  Augustus did
not receive the melancholy news with all the temper and firmness
that might have been expected from his character.]

[Footnote 4: Tacit. Annal. l. ii.  Dion Cassius, l. lvi. p. 833,
and the speech of Augustus himself, in Julian's Caesars.  It
receives great light from the learned notes of his French
translator, M. Spanheim.] 

     Happily for the repose of mankind, the moderate system
recommended by the wisdom of Augustus, was adopted by the fears
and vices of his immediate successors.  Engaged in the pursuit of
pleasure, or in the exercise of tyranny, the first Caesars seldom
showed themselves to the armies, or to the provinces; nor were
they disposed to suffer, that those triumphs which their
indolence neglected, should be usurped by the conduct and valor
of their lieutenants.  The military fame of a subject was
considered as an insolent invasion of the Imperial prerogative;
and it became the duty, as well as interest, of every Roman
general, to guard the frontiers intrusted to his care, without
aspiring to conquests which might have proved no less fatal to
himself than to the vanquished barbarians. ^5

[Footnote 5: Germanicus, Suetonius Paulinus, and Agricola were
checked and recalled in the course of their victories.  Corbulo
was put to death. Military merit, as it is admirably expressed by
Tacitus, was, in the strictest sense of the word, imperatoria
virtus.]

     The only accession which the Roman empire received, during
the first century of the Christian Aera, was the province of
Britain.  In this single instance, the successors of Caesar and
Augustus were persuaded to follow the example of the former,
rather than the precept of the latter.  The proximity of its
situation to the coast of Gaul seemed to invite their arms; the
pleasing though doubtful intelligence of a pearl fishery,
attracted their avarice; ^6 and as Britain was viewed in the
light of a distinct and insulated world, the conquest scarcely
formed any exception to the general system of continental
measures.  After a war of about forty years, undertaken by the
most stupid, ^7 maintained by the most dissolute, and terminated
by the most timid of all the emperors, the far greater part of
the island submitted to the Roman yoke. ^8 The various tribes of
Britain possessed valor without conduct, and the love of freedom
without the spirit of union.  They took up arms with savage
fierceness; they laid them down, or turned them against each
other, with wild inconsistency; and while they fought singly,
they were successively subdued.  Neither the fortitude of
Caractacus, nor the despair of Boadicea, nor the fanaticism of
the Druids, could avert the slavery of their country, or resist
the steady progress of the Imperial generals, who maintained the
national glory, when the throne was disgraced by the weakest, or
the most vicious of mankind.  At the very time when Domitian,
confined to his palace, felt the terrors which he inspired, his
legions, under the command of the virtuous Agricola, defeated the
collected force of the Caledonians, at the foot of the Grampian
Hills; and his fleets, venturing to explore an unknown and
dangerous navigation, displayed the Roman arms round every part
of the island.  The conquest of Britain was considered as already
achieved; and it was the design of Agricola to complete and
insure his success, by the easy reduction of Ireland, for which,
in his opinion, one legion and a few auxiliaries were sufficient.
^9 The western isle might be improved into a valuable possession,
and the Britons would wear their chains with the less reluctance,
if the prospect and example of freedom were on every side removed
from before their eyes.

[Footnote 6: Caesar himself conceals that ignoble motive; but it
is mentioned by Suetonius, c. 47.  The British pearls proved,
however, of little value, on account of their dark and livid
color.  Tacitus observes, with reason, (in Agricola, c. 12,) that
it was an inherent defect.  "Ego facilius crediderim, naturam
margaritis deesse quam nobis avaritiam."]

[Footnote 7: Claudius, Nero, and Domitian.  A hope is expressed
by Pomponius Mela, l. iii. c. 6, (he wrote under Claudius,) that,
by the success of the Roman arms, the island and its savage
inhabitants would soon be better known. It is amusing enough to
peruse such passages in the midst of London.] 
[Footnote 8: See the admirable abridgment given by Tacitus, in
the life of Agricola, and copiously, though perhaps not
completely, illustrated by our own antiquarians, Camden and
Horsley.]

[Footnote 9: The Irish writers, jealous of their national honor,
are extremely provoked on this occasion, both with Tacitus and
with Agricola.] 

     But the superior merit of Agricola soon occasioned his
removal from the government of Britain; and forever disappointed
this rational, though extensive scheme of conquest.  Before his
departure, the prudent general had provided for security as well
as for dominion.  He had observed, that the island is almost
divided into two unequal parts by the opposite gulfs, or, as they
are now called, the Friths of Scotland.  Across the narrow
interval of about forty miles, he had drawn a line of military
stations, which was afterwards fortified, in the reign of
Antoninus Pius, by a turf rampart, erected on foundations of
stone. ^10 This wall of Antoninus, at a small distance beyond the
modern cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, was fixed as the limit of
the Roman province.  The native Caledonians preserved, in the
northern extremity of the island, their wild independence, for
which they were not less indebted to their poverty than to their
valor.  Their incursions were frequently repelled and chastised;
but their country was never subdued. ^11 The masters of the
fairest and most wealthy climates of the globe turned with
contempt from gloomy hills, assailed by the winter tempest, from
lakes concealed in a blue mist, and from cold and lonely heaths,
over which the deer of the forest were chased by a troop of naked
barbarians. ^12

[Footnote 10: See Horsley's Britannia Romana, l. i. c. 10.  
     Note: Agricola fortified the line from Dumbarton to
Edinburgh, consequently within Scotland.  The emperor Hadrian,
during his residence in Britain, about the year 121, caused a
rampart of earth to be raised between Newcastle and Carlisle. 
Antoninus Pius, having gained new victories over the Caledonians,
by the ability of his general, Lollius, Urbicus, caused a new
rampart of earth to be constructed between Edinburgh and
Dumbarton.  Lastly, Septimius Severus caused a wall of stone to
be built parallel to the rampart of Hadrian, and on the same
locality.  See John Warburton's Vallum Romanum, or the History
and Antiquities of the Roman Wall.  London, 1754, 4to. - W. See
likewise a good note on the Roman wall in Lingard's History of
England, vol. i. p. 40, 4to edit - M.]

[Footnote 11: The poet Buchanan celebrates with elegance and
spirit (see his Sylvae, v.) the unviolated independence of his
native country.  But, if the single testimony of Richard of
Cirencester was sufficient to create a Roman province of
Vespasiana to the north of the wall, that independence would be
reduced within very narrow limits.]

[Footnote 12: See Appian (in Prooem.) and the uniform imagery of
Ossian's Poems, which, according to every hypothesis, were
composed by a native Caledonian.]

     Such was the state of the Roman frontiers, and such the
maxims of Imperial policy, from the death of Augustus to the
accession of Trajan.  That virtuous and active prince had
received the education of a soldier, and possessed the talents of
a general. ^13 The peaceful system of his predecessors was
interrupted by scenes of war and conquest; and the legions, after
a long interval, beheld a military emperor at their head.  The
first exploits of Trajan were against the Dacians, the most
warlike of men, who dwelt beyond the Danube, and who, during the
reign of Domitian, had insulted, with impunity, the Majesty of
Rome. ^14 To the strength and fierceness of barbarians they added
a contempt for life, which was derived from a warm persuasion of
the immortality and transmigration of the soul. ^15 Decebalus,
the Dacian king, approved himself a rival not unworthy of Trajan;
nor did he despair of his own and the public fortune, till, by
the confession of his enemies, he had exhausted every resource
both of valor and policy. ^16 This memorable war, with a very
short suspension of hostilities, lasted five years; and as the
emperor could exert, without control, the whole force of the
state, it was terminated by an absolute submission of the
barbarians. ^17 The new province of Dacia, which formed a second
exception to the precept of Augustus, was about thirteen hundred
miles in circumference.  Its natural boundaries were the Niester,
the Teyss or Tibiscus, the Lower Danube, and the Euxine Sea.  The
vestiges of a military road may still be traced from the banks of
the Danube to the neighborhood of Bender, a place famous in
modern history, and the actual frontier of the Turkish and
Russian empires. ^18 

[Footnote 13: See Pliny's Panegyric, which seems founded on
facts.] 

[Footnote 14: Dion Cassius, l. lxvii.]

[Footnote 15: Herodotus, l. iv. c. 94.  Julian in the Caesars,
with Spanheims observations.]

[Footnote 16: Plin. Epist. viii. 9.]

[Footnote 17: Dion Cassius, l. lxviii. p. 1123, 1131.  Julian in
Caesaribus Eutropius, viii. 2, 6.  Aurelius Victor in Epitome.] 
[Footnote 18: See a Memoir of M. d'Anville, on the Province of
Dacia, in the Academie des Inscriptions, tom. xxviii. p. 444 -
468.]

     Trajan was ambitious of fame; and as long as mankind shall
continue to bestow more liberal applause on their destroyers than
on their benefactors, the thirst of military glory will ever be
the vice of the most exalted characters.  The praises of
Alexander, transmitted by a succession of poets and historians,
had kindled a dangerous emulation in the mind of Trajan. Like
him, the Roman emperor undertook an expedition against the
nations of the East; but he lamented with a sigh, that his
advanced age scarcely left him any hopes of equalling the renown
of the son of Philip. ^19 Yet the success of Trajan, however
transient, was rapid and specious.  The degenerate Parthians,
broken by intestine discord, fled before his arms.  He descended
the River Tigris in triumph, from the mountains of Armenia to the
Persian Gulf.  He enjoyed the honor of being the first, as he was
the last, of the Roman generals, who ever navigated that remote
sea.  His fleets ravaged the coast of Arabia; and Trajan vainly
flattered himself that he was approaching towards the confines of
India. ^20 Every day the astonished senate received the
intelligence of new names and new nations, that acknowledged his
sway. They were informed that the kings of Bosphorus, Colchos,
Iberia, Albania, Osrhoene, and even the Parthian monarch himself,
had accepted their diadems from the hands of the emperor; that
the independent tribes of the Median and Carduchian hills had
implored his protection; and that the rich countries of Armenia,
Mesopotamia, and Assyria, were reduced into the state of
provinces. ^21 But the death of Trajan soon clouded the splendid
prospect; and it was justly to be dreaded, that so many distant
nations would throw off the unaccustomed yoke, when they were no
longer restrained by the powerful hand which had imposed it. 
[Footnote 19: Trajan's sentiments are represented in a very just
and lively manner in the Caesars of Julian.]

[Footnote 20: Eutropius and Sextus Rufus have endeavored to
perpetuate the illusion.  See a very sensible dissertation of M.
Freret in the Academie des Inscriptions, tom. xxi. p. 55.] 
[Footnote 21: Dion Cassius, l. lxviii.; and the Abbreviators.]  



Chapter I: The Extent Of The Empire In The Age Of The Antonines.


Part II.

     It was an ancient tradition, that when the Capitol was
founded by one of the Roman kings, the god Terminus (who presided
over boundaries, and was represented, according to the fashion of
that age, by a large stone) alone, among all the inferior
deities, refused to yield his place to Jupiter himself.  A
favorable inference was drawn from his obstinacy, which was
interpreted by the augurs as a sure presage that the boundaries
of the Roman power would never recede. ^22 During many ages, the
prediction, as it is usual, contributed to its own
accomplishment.  But though Terminus had resisted the Majesty of
Jupiter, he submitted to the authority of the emperor Hadrian.
^23 The resignation of all the eastern conquests of Trajan was
the first measure of his reign.  He restored to the Parthians the
election of an independent sovereign; withdrew the Roman
garrisons from the provinces of Armenia, Mesopotamia, and
Assyria; and, in compliance with the precept of Augustus, once
more established the Euphrates as the frontier of the empire. ^24
Censure, which arraigns the public actions and the private
motives of princes, has ascribed to envy, a conduct which might
be attributed to the prudence and moderation of Hadrian.  The
various character of that emperor, capable, by turns, of the
meanest and the most generous sentiments, may afford some color
to the suspicion.  It was, however, scarcely in his power to
place the superiority of his predecessor in a more conspicuous
light, than by thus confessing himself unequal to the task of
defending the conquests of Trajan.

[Footnote 22: Ovid. Fast. l. ii. ver. 667.  See Livy, and
Dionysius of Halicarnassus, under the reign of Tarquin.]

[Footnote 23: St. Augustin is highly delighted with the proof of
the weakness of Terminus, and the vanity of the Augurs.  See De
Civitate Dei, iv. 29. 

     Note *: The turn of Gibbon's sentence is Augustin's: "Plus
Hadrianum regem bominum, quam regem Deorum timuisse videatur." -
M]

[Footnote 24: See the Augustan History, p. 5, Jerome's Chronicle,
and all the Epitomizers.  It is somewhat surprising, that this
memorable event should be omitted by Dion, or rather by
Xiphilin.]

     The martial and ambitious of spirit Trajan formed a very
singular contrast with the moderation of his successor.  The
restless activity of Hadrian was not less remarkable when
compared with the gentle repose of Antoninus Pius.  The life of
the former was almost a perpetual journey; and as he possessed
the various talents of the soldier, the statesman, and the
scholar, he gratified his curiosity in the discharge of his duty.

Careless of the difference of seasons and of climates, he marched
on foot, and bare- headed, over the snows of Caledonia, and the
sultry plains of the Upper Egypt; nor was there a province of the
empire which, in the course of his reign, was not honored with
the presence of the monarch. ^25 But the tranquil life of
Antoninus Pius was spent in the bosom of Italy, and, during the
twenty-three years that he directed the public administration,
the longest journeys of that amiable prince extended no farther
than from his palace in Rome to the retirement of his Lanuvian
villa. ^26

[Footnote 25: Dion, l. lxix. p. 1158.  Hist. August. p. 5, 8.  If
all our historians were lost, medals, inscriptions, and other
monuments, would be sufficient to record the travels of Hadrian. 
     Note: The journeys of Hadrian are traced in a note on
Solvet's translation of Hegewisch, Essai sur l'Epoque de Histoire
Romaine la plus heureuse pour Genre Humain Paris, 1834, p. 123. -
M.]

[Footnote 26: See the Augustan History and the Epitomes.]

     Notwithstanding this difference in their personal conduct,
the general system of Augustus was equally adopted and uniformly
pursued by Hadrian and by the two Antonines.  They persisted in
the design of maintaining the dignity of the empire, without
attempting to enlarge its limits.  By every honorable expedient
they invited the friendship of the barbarians; and endeavored to
convince mankind that the Roman power, raised above the
temptation of conquest, was actuated only by the love of order
and justice. During a long period of forty-three years, their
virtuous labors were crowned with success; and if we except a few
slight hostilities, that served to exercise the legions of the
frontier, the reigns of Hadrian and Antoninus Pius offer the fair
prospect of universal peace. ^27 The Roman name was revered among
the most remote nations of the earth.  The fiercest barbarians
frequently submitted their differences to the arbitration of the
emperor; and we are informed by a contemporary historian that he
had seen ambassadors who were refused the honor which they came
to solicit of being admitted into the rank of subjects. ^28 
[Footnote 27: We must, however, remember, that in the time of
Hadrian, a rebellion of the Jews raged with religious fury,
though only in a single province.  Pausanias (l. viii. c. 43)
mentions two necessary and successful wars, conducted by the
generals of Pius: 1st.  Against the wandering Moors, who were
driven into the solitudes of Atlas.  2d.  Against the Brigantes
of Britain, who had invaded the Roman province.  Both these wars
(with several other hostilities) are mentioned in the Augustan
History, p. 19.] 

[Footnote 28: Appian of Alexandria, in the preface to his History
of the Roman Wars.]

Part II.

     The terror of the Roman arms added weight and dignity to the
moderation of the emperors.  They preserved peace by a constant
preparation for war; and while justice regulated their conduct,
they announced to the nations on their confines, that they were
as little disposed to endure, as to offer an injury. The military
strength, which it had been sufficient for Hadrian and the elder
Antoninus to display, was exerted against the Parthians and the
Germans by the emperor Marcus.  The hostilities of the barbarians
provoked the resentment of that philosophic monarch, and, in the
prosecution of a just defence, Marcus and his generals obtained
many signal victories, both on the Euphrates and on the Danube.
^29 The military establishment of the Roman empire, which thus
assured either its tranquillity or success, will now become the
proper and important object of our attention.

[Footnote 29: Dion, l. lxxi.  Hist. August. in Marco.  The
Parthian victories gave birth to a crowd of contemptible
historians, whose memory has been rescued from oblivion and
exposed to ridicule, in a very lively piece of criticism of
Lucian.]

     In the purer ages of the commonwealth, the use of arms was
reserved for those ranks of citizens who had a country to love, a
property to defend, and some share in enacting those laws, which
it was their interest as well as duty to maintain.  But in
proportion as the public freedom was lost in extent of conquest,
war was gradually improved into an art, and degraded into a
trade. ^30 The legions themselves, even at the time when they
were recruited in the most distant provinces, were supposed to
consist of Roman citizens. That distinction was generally
considered, either as a legal qualification or as a proper
recompense for the soldier; but a more serious regard was paid to
the essential merit of age, strength, and military stature. ^31
In all levies, a just preference was given to the climates of the
North over those of the South: the race of men born to the
exercise of arms was sought for in the country rather than in
cities; and it was very reasonably presumed, that the hardy
occupations of smiths, carpenters, and huntsmen, would supply
more vigor and resolution than the sedentary trades which are
employed in the service of luxury. ^32 After every qualification
of property had been laid aside, the armies of the Roman emperors
were still commanded, for the most part, by officers of liberal
birth and education; but the common soldiers, like the mercenary
troops of modern Europe, were drawn from the meanest, and very
frequently from the most profligate, of mankind.

[Footnote 30: The poorest rank of soldiers possessed above forty
pounds sterling, (Dionys. Halicarn. iv. 17,) a very high
qualification at a time when money was so scarce, that an ounce
of silver was equivalent to seventy pounds weight of brass.  The
populace, excluded by the ancient constitution, were
indiscriminately admitted by Marius.  See Sallust. de Bell. 
Jugurth. c. 91. 

     Note: On the uncertainty of all these estimates, and the
difficulty of fixing the relative value of brass and silver,
compare Niebuhr, vol. i. p. 473, &c.  Eng. trans. p. 452. 
According to Niebuhr, the relative disproportion in value,
between the two metals, arose, in a great degree from the
abundance of brass or copper. - M.  Compare also Dureau 'de la
Malle Economie Politique des Romains especially L. l. c. ix. - M.
1845.] 

[Footnote 31: Caesar formed his legion Alauda of Gauls and
strangers; but it was during the license of civil war; and after
the victory, he gave them the freedom of the city for their
reward.]

[Footnote 32: See Vegetius, de Re Militari, l. i. c. 2 - 7.]  
     That public virtue, which among the ancients was denominated
patriotism, is derived from a strong sense of our own interest in
the preservation and prosperity of the free government of which
we are members.  Such a sentiment, which had rendered the legions
of the republic almost invincible, could make but a very feeble
impression on the mercenary servants of a despotic prince; and it
became necessary to supply that defect by other motives, of a
different, but not less forcible nature - honor and religion. 
The peasant, or mechanic, imbibed the useful prejudice that he
was advanced to the more dignified profession of arms, in which
his rank and reputation would depend on his own valor; and that,
although the prowess of a private soldier must often escape the
notice of fame, his own behavior might sometimes confer glory or
disgrace on the company, the legion, or even the army, to whose
honors he was associated.  On his first entrance into the
service, an oath was administered to him with every circumstance
of solemnity.  He promised never to desert his standard, to
submit his own will to the commands of his leaders, and to
sacrifice his life for the safety of the emperor and the empire.
^33 The attachment of the Roman troops to their standards was
inspired by the united influence of religion and of honor.  The
golden eagle, which glittered in the front of the legion, was the
object of their fondest devotion; nor was it esteemed less
impious than it was ignominious, to abandon that sacred ensign in
the hour of danger. ^34 These motives, which derived their
strength from the imagination, were enforced by fears and hopes
of a more substantial kind.  Regular pay, occasional donatives,
and a stated recompense, after the appointed time of service,
alleviated the hardships of the military life, ^35 whilst, on the
other hand, it was impossible for cowardice or disobedience to
escape the severest punishment.  The centurions were authorized
to chastise with blows, the generals had a right to punish with
death; and it was an inflexible maxim of Roman discipline, that a
good soldier should dread his officers far more than the enemy. 
From such laudable arts did the valor of the Imperial troops
receive a degree of firmness and docility unattainable by the
impetuous and irregular passions of barbarians.

[Footnote 33: The oath of service and fidelity to the emperor was
annually renewed by the troops on the first of January.]

[Footnote 34: Tacitus calls the Roman eagles, Bellorum Deos. 
They were placed in a chapel in the camp, and with the other
deities received the religious worship of the troops.

     Note: See also Dio.  Cass. xl. c. 18. - M.]

[Footnote 35: See Gronovius de Pecunia vetere, l. iii. p. 120,
&c.  The emperor Domitian raised the annual stipend of the
legionaries to twelve pieces of gold, which, in his time, was
equivalent to about ten of our guineas.  This pay, somewhat
higher than our own, had been, and was afterwards, gradually
increased, according to the progress of wealth and military
government.  After twenty years' service, the veteran received
three thousand denarii, (about one hundred pounds sterling,) or a
proportionable allowance of land.  The pay and advantages of the
guards were, in general, about double those of the legions.] 
     And yet so sensible were the Romans of the imperfection of
valor without skill and practice, that, in their language, the
name of an army was borrowed from the word which signified
exercise. ^36 Military exercises were the important and
unremitted object of their discipline.  The recruits and young
soldiers were constantly trained, both in the morning and in the
evening, nor was age or knowledge allowed to excuse the veterans
from the daily repetition of what they had completely learnt. 
Large sheds were erected in the winter- quarters of the troops,
that their useful labors might not receive any interruption from
the most tempestuous weather; and it was carefully observed, that
the arms destined to this imitation of war, should be of double
the weight which was required in real action. ^37 It is not the
purpose of this work to enter into any minute description of the
Roman exercises.  We shall only remark, that they comprehended
whatever could add strength to the body, activity to the limbs,
or grace to the motions.  The soldiers were diligently instructed
to march, to run, to leap, to swim, to carry heavy burdens, to
handle every species of arms that was used either for offence or
for defence, either in distant engagement or in a closer onset;
to form a variety of evolutions; and to move to the sound of
flutes in the Pyrrhic or martial dance. ^38 In the midst of
peace, the Roman troops familiarized themselves with the practice
of war; and it is prettily remarked by an ancient historian who
had fought against them, that the effusion of blood was the only
circumstance which distinguished a field of battle from a field
of exercise. ^39 It was the policy of the ablest generals, and
even of the emperors themselves, to encourage these military
studies by their presence and example; and we are informed that
Hadrian, as well as Trajan, frequently condescended to instruct
the unexperienced soldiers, to reward the diligent, and sometimes
to dispute with them the prize of superior strength or dexterity.
^40 Under the reigns of those princes, the science of tactics was
cultivated with success; and as long as the empire retained any
vigor, their military instructions were respected as the most
perfect model of Roman discipline.

[Footnote 36: Exercitus ab exercitando, Varro de Lingua Latina,
l. iv. Cicero in Tusculan. l. ii. 37.  [15.] There is room for a
very interesting work, which should lay open the connection
between the languages and manners of nations.
 
    Note I am not aware of the existence, at present, of such a
work; but the profound observations of the late William von
Humboldt, in the introduction to his posthumously published Essay
on the Language of the Island of Java, (uber die Kawi-sprache,
Berlin, 1836,) may cause regret that this task was not completed
by that accomplished and universal scholar. - M.] 

[Footnote 37: Vegatius, l. ii. and the rest of his first book.]  
[Footnote 38: The Pyrrhic dance is extremely well illustrated by
M. le Beau, in the Academie des Inscriptions, tom. xxxv. p. 262,
&c.  That learned academician, in a series of memoirs, has
collected all the passages of the ancients that relate to the
Roman legion.]

[Footnote 39: Joseph. de Bell.  Judaico, l. iii. c. 5.  We are
indebted to this Jew for some very curious details of Roman
discipline.] 

[Footnote 40: Plin. Panegyr. c. 13.  Life of Hadrian, in the
Augustan History.]

     Nine centuries of war had gradually introduced into the
service many alterations and improvements.  The legions, as they
are described by Polybius, ^41 in the time of the Punic wars,
differed very materially from those which achieved the victories
of Caesar, or defended the monarchy of Hadrian and the Antonines.

The constitution of the Imperial legion may be described in a few
words. ^42 The heavy-armed infantry, which composed its principal
strength, ^43 was divided into ten cohorts, and fifty-five
companies, under the orders of a correspondent number of tribunes
and centurions.  The first cohort, which always claimed the post
of honor and the custody of the eagle, was formed of eleven
hundred and five soldiers, the most approved for valor and
fidelity.  The remaining nine cohorts consisted each of five
hundred and fifty-five; and the whole body of legionary infantry
amounted to six thousand one hundred men.  Their arms were
uniform, and admirably adapted to the nature of their service: an
open helmet, with a lofty crest; a breastplate, or coat of mail;
greaves on their legs, and an ample buckler on their left arm. 
The buckler was of an oblong and concave figure, four feet in
length, and two and a half in breadth, framed of a light wood,
covered with a bull's hide, and strongly guarded with plates of
brass. Besides a lighter spear, the legionary soldier grasped in
his right hand the formidable pilum, a ponderous javelin, whose
utmost length was about six feet, and which was terminated by a
massy triangular point of steel of eighteen inches. ^44 This
instrument was indeed much inferior to our modern fire-arms;
since it was exhausted by a single discharge, at the distance of
only ten or twelve paces.  Yet when it was launched by a firm and
skilful hand, there was not any cavalry that durst venture within
its reach, nor any shield or corselet that could sustain the
impetuosity of its weight.  As soon as the Roman had darted his
pilum, he drew his sword, and rushed forwards to close with the
enemy.  His sword was a short well-tempered Spanish blade, that
carried a double edge, and was alike suited to the purpose of
striking or of pushing; but the soldier was always instructed to
prefer the latter use of his weapon, as his own body remained
less exposed, whilst he inflicted a more dangerous wound on his
adversary. ^45 The legion was usually drawn up eight deep; and
the regular distance of three feet was left between the files as
well as ranks. ^46 A body of troops, habituated to preserve this
open order, in a long front and a rapid charge, found themselves
prepared to execute every disposition which the circumstances of
war, or the skill of their leader, might suggest.  The soldier
possessed a free space for his arms and motions, and sufficient
intervals were allowed, through which seasonable reenforcements
might be introduced to the relief of the exhausted combatants.
^47 The tactics of the Greeks and Macedonians were formed on very
different principles.  The strength of the phalanx depended on
sixteen ranks of long pikes, wedged together in the closest
array. ^48 But it was soon discovered by reflection, as well as
by the event, that the strength of the phalanx was unable to
contend with the activity of the legion. ^49

[Footnote 41: See an admirable digression on the Roman
discipline, in the sixth book of his History.]

[Footnote 42: Vegetius de Re Militari, l. ii. c. 4, &c.  

Considerable part of his very perplexed abridgment was taken from
the regulations of Trajan and Hadrian; and the legion, as he
describes it, cannot suit any other age of the Roman empire.] 
[Footnote 43: Vegetius de Re Militari, l. ii. c. 1.  In the purer
age of Caesar and Cicero, the word miles was almost confined to
the infantry.  Under the lower empire, and the times of chivalry,
it was appropriated almost as exclusively to the men at arms, who
fought on horseback.]

[Footnote 44: In the time of Polybius and Dionysius of
Halicarnassus, (l. v. c. 45,) the steel point of the pilum seems
to have been much longer.  In the time of Vegetius, it was
reduced to a foot, or even nine inches.  I have chosen a medium.]

[Footnote 45: For the legionary arms, see Lipsius de Militia
Romana, l. iii. c. 2 - 7.]

[Footnote 46: See the beautiful comparison of Virgil, Georgic ii.
v. 279.] 

[Footnote 47: M. Guichard, Memoires Militaires, tom. i. c. 4, and
Nouveaux Memoires, tom. i. p. 293 - 311, has treated the subject
like a scholar and an officer.]


[Footnote 48: See Arrian's Tactics.  With the true partiality of
a Greek, Arrian rather chose to describe the phalanx, of which he
had read, than the legions which he had commanded.]

[Footnote 49: Polyb. l. xvii.  (xviii. 9.)]

     The cavalry, without which the force of the legion would
have remained imperfect, was divided into ten troops or
squadrons; the first, as the companion of the first cohort,
consisted of a hundred and thirty-two men; whilst each of the
other nine amounted only to sixty-six.  The entire establishment
formed a regiment, if we may use the modern expression, of seven
hundred and twenty-six horse, naturally connected with its
respective legion, but occasionally separated to act in the line,
and to compose a part of the wings of the army. ^50 The cavalry
of the emperors was no longer composed, like that of the ancient
republic, of the noblest youths of Rome and Italy, who, by
performing their military service on horseback, prepared
themselves for the offices of senator and consul; and solicited,
by deeds of valor, the future suffrages of their countrymen. ^51
Since the alteration of manners and government, the most wealthy
of the equestrian order were engaged in the administration of
justice, and of the revenue; ^52 and whenever they embraced the
profession of arms, they were immediately intrusted with a troop
of horse, or a cohort of foot. ^53 Trajan and Hadrian formed
their cavalry from the same provinces, and the same class of
their subjects, which recruited the ranks of the legion.  The
horses were bred, for the most part, in Spain or Cappadocia.  The
Roman troopers despised the complete armor with which the cavalry
of the East was encumbered.  Their more useful arms consisted in
a helmet, an oblong shield, light boots, and a coat of mail.  A
javelin, and a long broad sword, were their principal weapons of
offence. The use of lances and of iron maces they seem to have
borrowed from the barbarians. ^54

[Footnote 50: Veget. de Re Militari, l. ii. c. 6.  His positive
testimony, which might be supported by circumstantial evidence,
ought surely to silence those critics who refuse the Imperial
legion its proper body of cavalry. 
     Note: See also Joseph.  B. J. iii. vi. 2. - M.]

[Footnote 51: See Livy almost throughout, particularly xlii. 61.]


[Footnote 52: Plin. Hist. Natur. xxxiii. 2.  The true sense of
that very curious passage was first discovered and illustrated by
M. de Beaufort, Republique Romaine, l. ii. c. 2.]

[Footnote 53: As in the instance of Horace and Agricola.  This
appears to have been a defect in the Roman discipline; which
Hadrian endeavored to remedy by ascertaining the legal age of a
tribune.

     Note: These details are not altogether accurate.  Although,
in the latter days of the republic, and under the first emperors,
the young Roman nobles obtained the command of a squadron or a
cohort with greater facility than in the former times, they never
obtained it without passing through a tolerably long military
service.  Usually they served first in the praetorian cohort,
which was intrusted with the guard of the general: they were
received into the companionship (contubernium) of some superior
officer, and were there formed for duty.  Thus Julius Caesar,
though sprung from a great family, served first as contubernalis
under the praetor, M. Thermus, and later under Servilius the
Isaurian.  (Suet. Jul. 2, 5.  Plut. in Par. p. 516.  Ed. Froben.)
The example of Horace, which Gibbon adduces to prove that young
knights were made tribunes immediately on entering the service,
proves nothing.  In the first place, Horace was not a knight; he
was the son of a freedman of Venusia, in Apulia, who exercised
the humble office of coactor exauctionum, (collector of payments
at auctions.) (Sat. i. vi. 45, or 86.) Moreover, when the poet
was made tribune, Brutus, whose army was nearly entirely composed
of Orientals, gave this title to all the Romans of consideration
who joined him.  The emperors were still less difficult in their
choice; the number of tribunes was augmented; the title and
honors were conferred on persons whom they wished to attack to
the court.  Augustus conferred on the sons of senators, sometimes
the tribunate, sometimes the command of a squadron.  Claudius
gave to the knights who entered into the service, first the
command of a cohort of auxiliaries, later that of a squadron, and
at length, for the first time, the tribunate.  (Suet in Claud.
with the notes of Ernesti.) The abuses that arose caused by the
edict of Hadrian, which fixed the age at which that honor could
be attained.  (Spart. in Had. &c.) This edict was subsequently
obeyed; for the emperor Valerian, in a letter addressed to
Mulvius Gallinnus, praetorian praefect, excuses himself for
having violated it in favor of the young Probus afterwards
emperor, on whom he had conferred the tribunate at an earlier age
on account of his rare talents.  (Vopisc. in Prob. iv.) - W. and
G. Agricola, though already invested with the title of tribune,
was contubernalis in Britain with Suetonius Paulinus.  Tac. Agr.
v. - M.]

[Footnote 54: See Arrian's Tactics.]

     The safety and honor of the empire was principally intrusted
to the legions, but the policy of Rome condescended to adopt
every useful instrument of war.  Considerable levies were
regularly made among the provincials, who had not yet deserved
the honorable distinction of Romans.  Many dependent princes and
communities, dispersed round the frontiers, were permitted, for a
while, to hold their freedom and security by the tenure of
military service. ^55 Even select troops of hostile barbarians
were frequently compelled or persuaded to consume their dangerous
valor in remote climates, and for the benefit of the state. ^56
All these were included under the general name of auxiliaries;
and howsoever they might vary according to the difference of
times and circumstances, their numbers were seldom much inferior
to those of the legions themselves. ^57 Among the auxiliaries,
the bravest and most faithful bands were placed under the command
of praefects and centurions, and severely trained in the arts of
Roman discipline; but the far greater part retained those arms,
to which the nature of their country, or their early habits of
life, more peculiarly adapted them.  By this institution, each
legion, to whom a certain proportion of auxiliaries was allotted,
contained within itself every species of lighter troops, and of
missile weapons; and was capable of encountering every nation,
with the advantages of its respective arms and discipline. ^58
Nor was the legion destitute of what, in modern language, would
be styled a train of artillery. It consisted in ten military
engines of the largest, and fifty-five of a smaller size; but all
of which, either in an oblique or horizontal manner, discharged
stones and darts with irresistible violence. ^59 
[Footnote 55: Such, in particular, was the state of the
Batavians.  Tacit. Germania, c. 29.]

[Footnote 56: Marcus Antoninus obliged the vanquished Quadi and
Marcomanni to supply him with a large body of troops, which he
immediately sent into Britain.  Dion Cassius, l. lxxi. (c. 16.)] 
[Footnote 57: Tacit. Annal. iv. 5.  Those who fix a regular
proportion of as many foot, and twice as many horse, confound the
auxiliaries of the emperors with the Italian allies of the
republic.]

[Footnote 58: Vegetius, ii. 2.  Arrian, in his order of march and
battle against the Alani.]

[Footnote 59: The subject of the ancient machines is treated with
great knowledge and ingenuity by the Chevalier Folard, (Polybe,
tom. ii. p. 233- 290.) He prefers them in many respects to our
modern cannon and mortars.  We may observe, that the use of them
in the field gradually became more prevalent, in proportion as
personal valor and military skill declined with the Roman empire.

When men were no longer found, their place was supplied by
machines.  See Vegetius, ii. 25. Arrian.]



Chapter I: The Extent Of The Empire In The Age Of The Antonines.


Part III.

     The camp of a Roman legion presented the appearance of a
fortified city. ^60 As soon as the space was marked out, the
pioneers carefully levelled the ground, and removed every
impediment that might interrupt its perfect regularity.  Its form
was an exact quadrangle; and we may calculate, that a square of
about seven hundred yards was sufficient for the encampment of
twenty thousand Romans; though a similar number of our own troops
would expose to the enemy a front of more than treble that
extent.  In the midst of the camp, the praetorium, or general's
quarters, rose above the others; the cavalry, the infantry, and
the auxiliaries occupied their respective stations; the streets
were broad and perfectly straight, and a vacant space of two
hundred feet was left on all sides between the tents and the
rampart. The rampart itself was usually twelve feet high, armed
with a line of strong and intricate palisades, and defended by a
ditch of twelve feet in depth as well as in breadth.  This
important labor was performed by the hands of the legionaries
themselves; to whom the use of the spade and the pickaxe was no
less familiar than that of the sword or pilum.  Active valor may
often be the present of nature; but such patient diligence can be
the fruit only of habit and discipline. ^61

[Footnote 60: Vegetius finishes his second book, and the
description of the legion, with the following emphatic words: -
"Universa quae ix quoque belli genere necessaria esse creduntur,
secum Jegio debet ubique portare, ut in quovis loco fixerit
castra, arma'am faciat civitatem."]

[Footnote 61: For the Roman Castrametation, see Polybius, l. vi.
with Lipsius de Militia Romana, Joseph. de Bell.  Jud. l. iii. c.
5.  Vegetius, i. 21 - 25, iii. 9, and Memoires de Guichard, tom.
i. c. 1.]

     Whenever the trumpet gave the signal of departure, the camp
was almost instantly broke up, and the troops fell into their
ranks without delay or confusion.  Besides their arms, which the
legendaries scarcely considered as an encumbrance, they were
laden with their kitchen furniture, the instruments of
fortification, and the provision of many days. ^62 Under this
weight, which would oppress the delicacy of a modern soldier,
they were trained by a regular step to advance, in about six
hours, near twenty miles. ^63 On the appearance of an enemy, they
threw aside their baggage, and by easy and rapid evolutions
converted the column of march into an order of battle. ^64 The
slingers and archers skirmished in the front; the auxiliaries
formed the first line, and were seconded or sustained by the
strength of the legions; the cavalry covered the flanks, and the
military engines were placed in the rear.

[Footnote 62: Cicero in Tusculan. ii. 37, [15.] - Joseph. de
Bell.  Jud. l. iii. 5, Frontinus, iv. 1.]

[Footnote 63: Vegetius, i. 9.  See Memoires de l'Academie des
Inscriptions, tom. xxv. p. 187.]

[Footnote 64: See those evolutions admirably well explained by M.
Guichard Nouveaux Memoires, tom. i. p. 141 - 234.]

     Such were the arts of war, by which the Roman emperors
defended their extensive conquests, and preserved a military
spirit, at a time when every other virtue was oppressed by luxury
and despotism.  If, in the consideration of their armies, we pass
from their discipline to their numbers, we shall not find it easy
to define them with any tolerable accuracy.  We may compute,
however, that the legion, which was itself a body of six thousand
eight hundred and thirty-one Romans, might, with its attendant
auxiliaries, amount to about twelve thousand five hundred men. 
The peace establishment of Hadrian and his successors was
composed of no less than thirty of these formidable brigades; and
most probably formed a standing force of three hundred and
seventy-five thousand men.  Instead of being confined within the
walls of fortified cities, which the Romans considered as the
refuge of weakness or pusillanimity, the legions were encamped on
the banks of the great rivers, and along the frontiers of the
barbarians.  As their stations, for the most part, remained fixed
and permanent, we may venture to describe the distribution of the
troops.  Three legions were sufficient for Britain. The principal
strength lay upon the Rhine and Danube, and consisted of sixteen
legions, in the following proportions: two in the Lower, and
three in the Upper Germany; one in Rhaetia, one in Noricum, four
in Pannonia, three in Maesia, and two in Dacia.  The defence of
the Euphrates was intrusted to eight legions, six of whom were
planted in Syria, and the other two in Cappadocia.  With regard
to Egypt, Africa, and Spain, as they were far removed from any
important scene of war, a single legion maintained the domestic
tranquillity of each of those great provinces.  Even Italy was
not left destitute of a military force.  Above twenty thousand
chosen soldiers, distinguished by the titles of City Cohorts and
Praetorian Guards, watched over the safety of the monarch and the
capital.  As the authors of almost every revolution that
distracted the empire, the Praetorians will, very soon, and very
loudly, demand our attention; but, in their arms and
institutions, we cannot find any circumstance which discriminated
them from the legions, unless it were a more splendid appearance,
and a less rigid discipline. ^65 

[Footnote 65: Tacitus (Annal. iv. 5) has given us a state of the
legions under Tiberius; and Dion Cassius (l. lv. p. 794) under
Alexander Severus.  I have endeavored to fix on the proper medium
between these two periods.  See likewise Lipsius de Magnitudine
Romana, l. i. c. 4, 5.]

     The navy maintained by the emperors might seem inadequate to
their greatness; but it was fully sufficient for every useful
purpose of government.  The ambition of the Romans was confined
to the land; nor was that warlike people ever actuated by the
enterprising spirit which had prompted the navigators of Tyre, of
Carthage, and even of Marseilles, to enlarge the bounds of the
world, and to explore the most remote coasts of the ocean.  To
the Romans the ocean remained an object of terror rather than of
curiosity; ^66 the whole extent of the Mediterranean, after the
destruction of Carthage, and the extirpation of the pirates, was
included within their provinces.  The policy of the emperors was
directed only to preserve the peaceful dominion of that sea, and
to protect the commerce of their subjects. With these moderate
views, Augustus stationed two permanent fleets in the most
convenient ports of Italy, the one at Ravenna, on the Adriatic,
the other at Misenum, in the Bay of Naples.  Experience seems at
length to have convinced the ancients, that as soon as their
galleys exceeded two, or at the most three ranks of oars, they
were suited rather for vain pomp than for real service.  Augustus
himself, in the victory of Actium, had seen the superiority of
his own light frigates (they were called Liburnians) over the
lofty but unwieldy castles of his rival. ^67 Of these Liburnians
he composed the two fleets of Ravenna and Misenum, destined to
command, the one the eastern, the other the western division of
the Mediterranean; and to each of the squadrons he attached a
body of several thousand marines.  Besides these two ports, which
may be considered as the principal seats of the Roman navy, a
very considerable force was stationed at Frejus, on the coast of
Provence, and the Euxine was guarded by forty ships, and three
thousand soldiers.  To all these we add the fleet which preserved
the communication between Gaul and Britain, and a great number of
vessels constantly maintained on the Rhine and Danube, to harass
the country, or to intercept the passage of the barbarians. ^68
If we review this general state of the Imperial forces; of the
cavalry as well as infantry; of the legions, the auxiliaries, the
guards, and the navy; the most liberal computation will not allow
us to fix the entire establishment by sea and by land at more
than four hundred and fifty thousand men: a military power,
which, however formidable it may seem, was equalled by a monarch
of the last century, whose kingdom was confined within a single
province of the Roman empire. ^69

[Footnote 66: The Romans tried to disguise, by the pretence of
religious awe their ignorance and terror.  See Tacit. Germania,
c. 34.]

